The Palau Güell (, ) is a mansion designed by the architect Antoni Gaudí for the industrial tycoon Eusebi Güell and built between 1886 and 1888. It is situated on the Carrer Nou de la Rambla, in the El Raval neighbourhood of the city of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site "Works of Antoni Gaudí".
Villajoyosa Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Vila Joiosa, in the autonomous community of Valencia. Founded in 1944 it currently plays in Regional Preferente – Group 4, holding home matches at the "Estadio Nou Pla", with a capacity of 4,000.
Henri-François Rey (July 31, 1919 in Toulouse - July 22, 1987 in Paris) was a French writer, dramaturge and screenwriter. His book "La Fête espagnole" ("The Spanish party") won the 1959 Prix des Deux Magots. His best-known work, "Les Pianos mécaniques" ("Mechanical pianos") won the Interallié prize in 1962, and was adapted to film by Juan Antonio Bardem in 1965 as "The Uninhibited".
Born in Saint-Martin-lès-Melle, Deux-Sèvres, France, his father was a painter who moved to Paris when Marcel was a boy. There he attended the Lycée Condorcet. The Brillouin family returned to Saint-Martin-lès-Melle during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870 to escape the fighting. There he spent time teaching himself from his grandfather's philosophy books. After the war, he returned to Paris and entered the École Normale Supérieure in 1874 and graduated in 1878. He became a physics assistant to Eleuthere Mascart (his future father-in-law) at the Collège de France, while at the same time working for his doctorates in mathematics and physics, which he gained in 1880 and 1882, respectively. Brillouin then held successive posts as assistant professor of physics at universities in Nancy, Dijon and Toulouse before returning to the École Normale Supérieure in Paris in 1888. Later, he was Professor of Mathematical Physics at the Collège de France from 1900 to retirement in 1931.
Canyelles () is a Barcelona Metro station, named after the nearby Canyelles neighbourhood, in the Nou Barris district of the city of Barcelona. The station is served by line L3.
Jean Charles Rodolphe Radau (January 22, 1835 – December 21, 1911) was an astronomer and mathematician who worked in Paris at the "Revue des deux Mondes" for most of his life. He was the co-founder of the Bulletin Astronomique.
As revealed in "The Art of Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace", director George Lucas conceived the character of Qui-Gon Jinn during pre-production of the film. This is shown by concept art where Obi-Wan Kenobi is shown alone in the Trade Federation flagship and while meeting Jar Jar Binks. Even when Qui-Gon was conceived, Lucas toyed with making him the younger Jedi, as shown in concept art depicting Obi-Wan as an old man. Lucas originally envisioned an American actor for the role of Qui-Gon, but ultimately cast Northern Irish actor Liam Neeson because he considered Neeson to have great skills and presence, describing him as a "master actor, who the other actors will look up to, who has got the qualities of strength that the character demands." Initially, Lucas had planned for Qui-Gon to have long white hair, but that idea was scrapped and Qui-Gon is depicted as having long brown hair in the film.
Éric Neuhoff, born 4 July 1956, is a French novelist and journalist. He debuted in 1982 a journalist at " Le Quotidien de Paris" and used a style nicknamed "néo-hussard", after the Hussards movement of the 1950s. He thus became associated with writers such as Denis Tillinac, Patrick Besson and Didier Van Cauwelaert, who debuted around the same time and used a similar style. He received the 1990 Roger Nimier Prize, and has received awards such as the Prix des Deux Magots, Prix Interallié and Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française.
The ballets of the late 19th Century -- particularly of those of Marius Petipa -- introduced the concept of the grand pas de deux, which often served as the climax of a scene or an entire performance. This involved a consistent format of entrée and adagio by a pair of leading male and female dancers, followed by virtuosic solos (first by the male and then the female) and a finale. During the 20th century, the grand pas de deux became more integrated with the story of the ballet, with increasingly acrobatic content.
Vanessa Hudgens as Kailani Laguatan Gabato's daughter whom Sean falls in love with and who is part of the father - daughter tour guide team.
André Hardellet (13 February 1911 – 24 July 1974) was a French poet and writer. He was the 1974 winner of the Prix des Deux Magots.
Geneviève Gaillard (born 13 May 1947 in Niort, Deux-Sèvres), is a French veterinary doctor, politician, member of the French Socialist Party, Socialist Party Deputy for Deux-Sèvres and, since 2008, Mayor of Niort.
Lake Shore Township is a township in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 239 at the 2000 census.
Jean-Claude Pirotte (20 October 1939 – 24 May 2014) was a Belgian writer, poet and painter. A French language writer, his 2006 novel, "Une adolescence en Gueldre", won the Prix des Deux Magots.
Tomaiul Nou is a commune in Leova District, Moldova. It is composed of two villages, Sărățica Veche and Tomaiul Nou.
Antoine Coypel was born in Paris. He studied under his father, with whom he spent four years at Rome. At the age of eighteen he was admitted into the Académie de peinture et de sculpture, of which he became professor and rector in 1707, and director in 1714. In 1716 he was appointed king's painter, and he was ennobled in the following year.
Matthieu Chedid was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine, France, the son of French singer Louis Chedid, and the grandson of the Egyptian-born French writer and poet of Lebanese descent Andrée Chedid who has written lyrics for him. His sister is the music video and concert director Émilie Chedid.
Malcolm Shabazz was born in Paris on October 8, 1984. His father, L. A. Bouasba, was an Algerian Muslim whom Qubilah Shabazz met there. According to Malcolm, he never met his father. Other sources say Malcolm knew his father, but they had little contact with one another.
Les Deux Plateaux, more commonly known as the Colonnes de Buren, is a highly controversial art installation created by the French artist Daniel Buren in 1985–1986. It is located in the inner courtyard (Cour d'Honneur) of the Palais Royal in Paris, France.
Qui de nous deux ? (2003) is an album by French singer-songwriter Matthieu Chedid in his persona as -M-. It is his third full studio album, or the fourth if including the instrumental work Labo M which he had released earlier the same year. The title of the album and its best known track means 'Which of Us Two' reflecting the ongoing contrast between Chedid's real persona and that of his invented character -M-. The album's liner notes explain that the love discussed in that song are for the pink guitar that features on both the album cover and the surreal music video that accompanied the song. The pink guitar had been specially created to celebrate the birth of Chedid's daughter Billie in 2002.