Tora Suber (born November 23, 1974) is a former professional basketball player who played for the Charlotte Sting and Orlando Miracle in the WNBA. She played a total of 83 games.
The oldest known account of levitation play comes from the diary of Samuel Pepys (1633 - 1703), a British naval administrator. Pepys's account of levitation play comes from a conversation with a friend of his, Mr. Brisband, who claimed to have seen four little girls playing light as a feather, stiff as a board in Bourdeaux, France. Pepys's account of Mr. Brisband's experience reads:
In 1924, the annual Thanksgiving parade started in Newark, New Jersey by Louis Bamberger at the Bamberger's store was transferred to New York City by Macy's. In New York, the employees marched to Macy's flagship store on 34th Street dressed in vibrant costumes. There were floats, professional bands and live animals borrowed from the Central Park Zoo. At the end of that first parade, as has been the case with every parade since, Santa Claus was welcomed into Herald Square. At this first parade, Santa was enthroned on the Macy's balcony at the 34th Street store entrance, where he was then ``crowned ''`` King of the Kiddies.'' With an audience of over 250,000 people, the parade was such a success that Macy's declared it would become an annual event.
The Little League Baseball World Series is an annual baseball tournament in the eastern United States for children aged 11 to 13 years old. Originally called the National Little League Tournament, it was later renamed for the World Series in Major League Baseball. The Series was first held 70 years ago in 1947 and is held every August in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. (Although the postal address of the organization is in Williamsport, the Series itself is played at Howard J. Lamade Stadium and Volunteer Stadium at the Little League headquarters complex in South Williamsport.)
The Little Orchestra Society is an American orchestra based at 330 West 42nd Street, 12th Floor, in New York City. It was founded in 1947 by Thomas Scherman, who served as its conductor until his death in 1979. From 1979 to 2011 the Orchestra was led by Dino Anagnost. Its membership has ranged between 45 and 60 musicians. The orchestra's name is borrowed from The Little Orchestra of London, which was formed by Felix Mendelssohn during the Bach Revival. In 2013, the Orchestra named James Judd its new Music Director.
Elizabeth's only sibling, Princess Margaret, was born in 1930. The two princesses were educated at home under the supervision of their mother and their governess, Marion Crawford. Lessons concentrated on history, language, literature and music. Crawford published a biography of Elizabeth and Margaret's childhood years entitled The Little Princesses in 1950, much to the dismay of the royal family. The book describes Elizabeth's love of horses and dogs, her orderliness, and her attitude of responsibility. Others echoed such observations: Winston Churchill described Elizabeth when she was two as "a character. She has an air of authority and reflectiveness astonishing in an infant." Her cousin Margaret Rhodes described her as "a jolly little girl, but fundamentally sensible and well-behaved".
Kris Kringle (Edmund Gwenn) is indignant to find that the man assigned to play Santa in the annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade (Percy Helton) is intoxicated. When he complains to event director Doris Walker (Maureen O'Hara), she persuades Kris to take his place. He does so well, he is hired to play Santa at Macy's flagship New York City store on 34th Street.
Bit parts are often significant in the story line and sometimes pivotal, as in Jack Albertson's role as a postal worker in the 1947 feature film Miracle on 34th Street. Some characters with bit parts attract significant attention. Constantin Stanislavski remarked that ``there are no small parts, only small actors. ''
Mr. Noodle and his siblings -- Mr. Noodle's brother Mister Noodle, Ms Noodle, and Miss Noodle -- are characters who appear in the ``Elmo's World ''segments during the educational children's television program Sesame Street. Mr. Noodle was played by Broadway actor Bill Irwin, who had previously worked with Arlene Sherman, executive producer of Sesame Street and co-creator of`` Elmo's World'', in short films for the program.
4 Little Girls is a 1997 American historical documentary film about the 15 September 1963 case of four African-American girls (Addie May Collins, Carol Denise McNair, Cynthia Wesley, Carole Rosamond Robertson) in the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing in Birmingham, Alabama. It was directed by Spike Lee and nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary.
The Sloane House YMCA, also known as William Sloane House YMCA, at 356 West 34th Street in Manhattan was the largest residential YMCA building in the nation.
David Bjornson (born 7 July 1947 in Selkirk, Manitoba) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993, serving in the 34th Canadian Parliament for the Progressive Conservative party in the Selkirk riding. By career, he is an electrician.
Attorney Fred Gailey (John Payne), Doris's neighbor, takes the young divorcée's daughter Susan (Natalie Wood) to see Santa. Doris has raised her to not believe in fairy tales, but Susan is shaken after seeing Kris speak Dutch with a girl who does not know English. Doris asks Kringle to tell Susan that he is not Santa, but he insists that he is.
Edward Vincent Bracken (February 7, 1915 -- November 14, 2002) was an American actor. Bracken became a Hollywood comedy legend with lead performances in the films Hail the Conquering Hero and The Miracle of Morgan's Creek both in 1944, and both have been preserved by the National Film Registry. During this era, he also had success on Broadway, with performances in plays like Too Many Girls (1941).
The daughter of the Australians Bill and Deborah Kellaway, she is the older sister of the journalist Lucy Kellaway. Both siblings were educated at the Camden School for Girls, where their mother was a teacher, and at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, where Kate Kellaway read English.
Miracle on 34th Street (originally released in the United Kingdom as The Big Heart) is a 1947 American Christmas comedy - drama film written and directed by George Seaton and based on a story by Valentine Davies. It stars Maureen O'Hara, John Payne, Natalie Wood and Edmund Gwenn. The story takes place between Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day in New York City, and focuses on the impact of a department store Santa Claus who claims to be the real Santa. The film has become a perennial Christmas favorite.
Mara Elizabeth Wilson (born July 24, 1987) is an American writer and former child actress. She is known for playing Natalie Hillard in Mrs. Doubtfire (1993), Susan Walker in Miracle on 34th Street (1994), Matilda Wormwood in Matilda (1996) and Lily Stone in Thomas and the Magic Railroad (2000). Since retiring from film acting, Wilson has focused on writing.
The film stars Rosalind Russell, Jack Hawkins, Richard Beymer, Maximilian Schell, and Annette Gorman, with an early screen appearance from Lana Wood, the sister of Natalie Wood.
William James Remar (born December 31, 1953), is an American actor and voice actor. He played Richard, the on - off tycoon boyfriend of Kim Cattrall's character in Sex and the City, Ajax in The Warriors (1979), homicidal maniac Albert Ganz in the thriller 48 Hrs. (1982), gangster Dutch Schultz in The Cotton Club (1984), Lord Raiden in Mortal Kombat: Annihilation (1997), Giuseppe Salvatore in The CW TV series The Vampire Diaries, Jack Duff in Miracle on 34th Street (1994), and Harry Morgan in the Showtime TV series Dexter. Since 2009, he has done voiceover work in ads for Lexus luxury cars. James Remar also studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City.
Chickasaw is a neighborhood in Louisville, Kentucky, USA. Its boundaries are West Broadway, 34th Street, Hale Avenue and Chickasaw Park.