Speed Racer, also known as Mach GoGoGo (Japanese: マッハ GoGoGo, Hepburn: Mahha GōGōGō), is a Japanese media franchise about automobile racing. Mach GoGoGo was originally serialized in print in Shueisha's 1966 Shōnen Book. It was released in tankōbon book form by Sun Wide Comics, and later re-released in Japan by Fusosha. Adapted into anime by Tatsunoko Productions, its 52 episodes aired on Fuji TV from April 1967 to March 1968. The anime was later re-broadcast on Tokyo MX from July 1 to September 25, 2008.
Trojica u mraku is the fifth album of the Croatian rock band Aerodrom, released through Jugoton in 1986. The album was named after the comic book written by Andrija Maurović and introduces band's frontman Jurica Pađen as a producer. The band records as a trio, with Zlatan Živković returning, this time on drums. "Trojica u mraku" doesn't bring any successful single and the band broke up several months after the album was released. It was their last album until the reunion in 2000.
On July 26, Truman mandated the end of hiring and employment discrimination in the federal government, reaffirming FDR's order of 1941.:40 He issued two executive orders on July 26, 1948: Executive Order 9980 and Executive Order 9981. Executive Order 9980, named Regulations Governing for Employment Practices within the Federal Establishment, instituted fair employment practices in the civilian agencies of the federal government. The order created the position of Fair Employment Officer. The order "established in the Civil Service Commission a Fair Employment Board of not less than seven persons." Executive Order 9981, named Establishing the President's Committee on Equality of Treatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services, called for the integration of the Armed Forces and the creation of the National Military Establishment to carry out the executive order.
Mach bands is an optical illusion named after the physicist Ernst Mach. It exaggerates the contrast between edges of the slightly differing shades of gray, as soon as they contact one another, by triggering edge-detection in the human visual system.
Full - time employment is employment in which a person works a minimum number of hours defined as such by his / her employer. Full - time employment often comes with benefits that are not typically offered to part - time, temporary, or flexible workers, such as annual leave, sickleave, and health insurance. Part - time jobs are mistakenly thought by some to not be careers. However, legislation exists to stop employers from discriminating against part - time workers so this should not be a factor when making decisions on career advancement. They generally pay more than part - time jobs per hour, and this is similarly discriminatory if the pay decision is based on part - time status as a primary factor. The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) does not define full - time employment or part - time employment. This is a matter generally to be determined by the employer (US Department of Labor). The definition by employer can vary and is generally published in a company's Employee Handbook. Companies commonly require from 35 to 40 hours per week to be defined as full - time and therefore eligible for benefits.
Burney and Chandler soon formed the Folkadots, while Wiseman formed Gary & the Wiseman. Burney and Chandler, along with Morrill, also formed the band Slaw. Around this time, Reddick formed the band Terminal Seasons. Not too long after, Jaret Reddick and Lance Morrill formed coolfork!, which Chris Burney later joined. The band was in full swing by 1993, playing such venues as the Refuge. A few months later, after forming a band called Rubberneck, the group took the name Bowling for Soup (inspired by Bowling for Dollars) in 1994, and the band was officially formed in Wichita Falls on June 4, 1994 by Jaret Reddick (lead vocals, guitar), Chris Burney (guitar, backing vocals), Erik Chandler (bass, backing vocals, acoustic guitar), and Lance Morrill (drums, percussion, backing vocals). Morrill left the band in 1998 (on good terms) and was replaced by friend Gary Wiseman of Gary and the Wisemen. The band's name was derived from a comedy act by Steve Martin.
On 14 October 1947, just under a month after the United States Air Force had been created as a separate service, the tests culminated in the first manned supersonic flight, piloted by Air Force Captain Charles ``Chuck ''Yeager in aircraft # 46 - 062, which he had christened Glamorous Glennis. The rocket - powered aircraft was launched from the bomb bay of a specially modified B - 29 and glided to a landing on a runway. XS - 1 flight number 50 is the first one where the X-1 recorded supersonic flight, at Mach 1.06 (361 m / s, 1,299 km / h, 807.2 mph) peak speed; however, Yeager and many other personnel believe Flight # 49 (also with Yeager piloting), which reached a top recorded speed of Mach 0.997 (339 m / s, 1,221 km / h), may have, in fact, exceeded Mach 1. (The measurements were not accurate to three significant figures and no sonic boom was recorded for that flight.)
In theoretical physics, particularly in discussions of , Mach's principle (or Mach's conjecture) is the name given by Einstein to an imprecise hypothesis often credited to the physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach. The idea is that the existence of absolute rotation (the distinction of local inertial frames vs. rotating reference frames) is determined by the large-scale distribution of matter, as exemplified by this anecdote:
Xanax 25 is an American alternative rock group that formed in New York, NY in 1991. The band was originally named Sleeper, but was renamed due to trademark issues that arose. The band most often explained that they took the name after the brother to King Gelimer - "Zano". Xanax 25 found only modest success in their home country, but were significantly more successful in the Moldavian republic. The band disbanded in 1997 under somewhat mysterious circumstances.
Nasum (pronounced 'nah-zumm') was a grindcore band from Örebro, Sweden formed in 1992. The band released four studio albums, developed into "one of that country's premier metal acts" and disbanded after the December 2004 tsunami killed the band's frontman, Mieszko Talarczyk. The band's name, Latin for "nose", was taken from the horror film "Flesh for Frankenstein."
The Hong Kong Police Band (Abbreviation: HKPB; ) is a ceremonial unit and a police band of the Hong Kong Police Force and is used for official events. It was established in 1954 and initially performed with the Hong Kong Police Silver Band (formed in 1951). Both bands merged to form a single band and was later renamed the Royal Hong Kong Police Pipe Band. The Pipe Band colours is the MacIntosh tartan and was adopted in memory of a former Commissioner of Police, Mr Duncan William MacIntosh, after which the MacIntosh Forts were also named.
The MiG-25 underwent substantial design sacrifices in order to achieve high speed, altitude and rate of climb. However, it lacked maneuverability at interception speeds and was difficult to fly at low altitudes. The MiG-25's speed was limited to Mach 2.83, but it could reach a maximum speed of Mach 3.2 or more with the risk of engine damage.
In 1994, guitarists Mark Morton and Matt Conner, bassist John Campbell and drummer Chris Adler started a band named Burn the Priest. The band members knew each other from the college they were all attending, Virginia Commonwealth University, in Richmond, Virginia. Morton and Conner left the band soon after its inception to pursue a master's degree and work on other bands respectively. Adler and Campbell replaced Morton with Abe Spear. For the next five years, the band practiced in Richmond and around Virginia. In 1995, the band released its self-titled first demo. After the demo, Burn the Priest recorded two split EPs with Agents of Satan and ZED respectively. After the band's first three demos, Burn the Priest added vocalist Randall Blythe to its line up.
One of the highest recorded instrumented Mach numbers attained for a propeller aircraft is the Mach 0.891 for a Spitfire PR XI, flown during dive tests at the Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough in April 1944. The Spitfire, a photo - reconnaissance variant, the Mark XI, fitted with an extended 'rake type' multiple pitot system, was flown by Squadron Leader J.R. Tobin to this speed, corresponding to a corrected true airspeed (TAS) of 606 mph. In a subsequent flight, Squadron Leader Anthony Martindale achieved Mach 0.92, but it ended in a forced landing after over - revving damaged the engine.
Made in USA is an album by Sonic Youth, containing music the band scored for the 1987 film of the same name. The band recorded this material in 1986, shortly after the completion of their album "EVOL", but the album was not released until 1995. A soundtrack for the film was also released in 1987, but unlike this release, did not contain any of the original score the band created for the film.
The Mach number is named after Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach, and is a designation proposed by aeronautical engineer Jakob Ackeret. As the Mach number is a dimensionless quantity rather than a unit of measure, with Mach, the number comes "after" the unit; the second Mach number is "Mach2" instead of "2Mach" (or Machs). This is somewhat reminiscent of the early modern ocean sounding unit "mark" (a synonym for fathom), which was also unit-first, and may have influenced the use of the term Mach. In the decade preceding faster-than-sound human flight, aeronautical engineers referred to the speed of sound as "Mach's number", never "Mach 1".
Xenomorph is a Dutch death metal band formed in 1994 in Leiden, the Netherlands. The band is named after the Xenomorphs, fictional extraterrestrial creatures created by the Swiss artist H.R. Giger and used in the Alien franchise.
Every employee hired after November 6, 1986 must complete an I - 9 form at the time of hire. Employees must complete Section 1 of the form upon commencing employment. The employer must complete Section 2 within three days of the employee's starting date at work. The employer is responsible for ensuring that the forms are completed properly and in a timely manner.
Josef Mach (25 February 1909 in Prostějov – 7 July 1987 in Prague) was a Czech actor, screenwriter and film director.
He studied mathematics and physics at the Charles University in Prague, and after graduating he became an assistant to professor Ernst Mach. After obtaining his doctorate in Prague in 1873/1874 he came to Zagreb (at the time also part of Austria-Hungary) and founded the Physics Cabinet at the Faculty of Philosophy in 1875.