White Queen Alice character Alice and the White Queen. Art by John Tenniel (1865) First appearance Through the Looking - Glass Created by Lewis Carroll Portrayed by Anne Hathaway (Alice in Wonderland, Alice Through the Looking Glass) Emma Rigby (Once Upon a Time in Wonderland) Information Species Human Gender Female Occupation Queen Spouse (s) White King Children Lily (a pawn) Nationality Looking - Glass Land
In November 2014, development was underway, and Armie Hammer joined the cast. By April 2015, Aja Naomi King and Gabrielle Union joined the cast. In subsequent months, Penelope Ann Miller, Jackie Earle Haley, and Mark Boone Junior also joined. Filming took place in Georgia in May 2015 and lasted 27 days. Parker used the a cappella choir from Wiley College on the soundtrack. Parker had previously been part of a cast that portrayed historical figures from Wiley, in The Great Debaters.
Pet Sematary (sometimes referred to as Stephen King's Pet Sematary) is a 1989 American horror film adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same name. Directed by Mary Lambert and written by King, the film features Dale Midkiff as Louis Creed, Denise Crosby as Rachel Creed, Blaze Berdahl as Ellie Creed, Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, and Fred Gwynne as Jud Crandall. Andrew Hubatsek was cast for Zelda's role. King, who scripted from his own book, also has a cameo as a minister.
Catherine Jagiellon was born in Kraków as the youngest daughter of King Sigismund I the Old of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and his wife Bona Sforza of Milan. Catherine became the spouse of King John III of Sweden and mother of the future Sigismund III Vasa, King of Poland. After the death of her father in 1548, she and her sisters Anna and Sophia moved to Masovia with their mother. After their mother's departure to Italy in 1558, they lived there alone. The sisters were not close to their brother Sigismund II Augustus of Poland. Catherine could reportedly speak Italian and Latin, and was described as more attractive than Anna, and most marriage suggestions were directed toward her.
Margareta Eriksdotter Vasa (1497 – 31 December 1536), also called "Margareta Vasa" and "Margareta of Hoya", was a Swedish noblewoman, sister of king Gustav I of Sweden. Between 1525 and 1534, she commanded Vyborg Castle on several occasions during the absence of her spouse.
Esther Queen of Persia Queen Esther (1879) by Edwin Long Queen of Persia Reign c. 479 -- c. 465 BC Coronation c. 479 Predecessor Vashti Hadassah c. 492 BC Achaemenid Empire Burial Hamadan, Iran Spouse King Xerxes I of Persia House Persia Father Abihail (biological), Mordecai (adoptive) Religion Judaism
Tina Cole (born August 4, 1943) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Katie Miller Douglas on the 1960s sitcom My Three Sons (1967 -- 72), but she previously had a recurring role as Sunny Day in the detective series Hawaiian Eye (1963). She was also a member of the Four King Cousins, a subgroup of the King Family Singers. In 1963 she played the minor (uncredited) role of Ruth Stewart in Palm Springs Weekend, a spring break party film set in Palm Springs, California. She also appeared previously in My Three Sons as a friend of Robby cast in the role of Joanne, before the Katie role was created circa 1966.
Joes Mountain is a mountain in York County in the state of South Carolina. The summit of Joes Mountain is at an elevation of 1,027 feet (313 meters) above sea level. The mountain is one of the three main mountain summits of Kings Mountain National Military Park. The other mountain summits are Brown's Mountain and Kings Mountain.
The Han-era family was patrilineal and typically had four to five nuclear family members living in one household. Multiple generations of extended family members did not occupy the same house, unlike families of later dynasties. According to Confucian family norms, various family members were treated with different levels of respect and intimacy. For example, there were different accepted time frames for mourning the death of a father versus a paternal uncle. Arranged marriages were normal, with the father's input on his offspring's spouse being considered more important than the mother's. Monogamous marriages were also normal, although nobles and high officials were wealthy enough to afford and support concubines as additional lovers. Under certain conditions dictated by custom, not law, both men and women were able to divorce their spouses and remarry.
Harry Loves Lisa is an American reality television series on TV Land starring Harry Hamlin and Lisa Rinna, a married couple. The series follows the couple and their two preteen daughters as they live a hectic Hollywood lifestyle.
It additionally places emphasis on their brother Rob Kardashian, their mother Kris Jenner, their step - parent Bruce Jenner (now known as Caitlyn Jenner), their half - sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner, and Kourtney's now ex-boyfriend, Scott Disick. Khloé's ex-husband Lamar Odom developed a major position as part of the supporting cast in the fourth season, though he was not a regular cast member in following seasons, and rarely appeared in season eight while attempting to fix his marriage with Khloé. Along in season seven Kanye West became a recurring cast members after dating Kim then marrying her in season nine. In seasons eight and nine, Caitlyn's children Brody and Brandon, and Brandon's wife, Leah became recurring cast members.
The sixth season of ``Basketball Wives LA ''was confirmed by VH1 with a premiere date of April 17, 2017. Filming started in October 2016 and Evelyn Lozada a former cast member of Basketball Wives has confirmed her return on social media and via The Real where she severed as a guest host for a week. Jennifer Williams also a former cast member of Basketball Wives has been spotted filming with cast member Tami Roman. Also this season four newbies Aja Metoyer, Keonna Green, Bonnie - Jill Laflil, and Evelyn Lozada taking on the main cast replacing departing cast members Angel Brinks, LaTosha Duffey, Angel Love.
Christopher Kennedy Masterson (born January 22, 1980) is an American actor and disc jockey known best for his role as Francis on Malcolm in the Middle. He is the younger brother of That '70s Show cast member Danny Masterson, older brother of The Walking Dead cast member Alanna Masterson, and older brother of Last Man Standing cast member Jordan Masterson.
Simba The Lion King character Simba as he appears as a cub in the first film First appearance The Lion King (1994) Created by Irene Mecchi Jonathan Roberts Linda Woolverton Voiced by Matthew Broderick (adult, in 3 films) Jonathan Taylor Thomas (cub) Joseph Williams (singing, adult) Jason Weaver (singing, cub) Matt Weinberg (cub in The Lion King 11⁄2) Cam Clarke (various sequels and merchandise) Rob Lowe (The Lion Guard) Donald Glover (adult in The Lion King (2019 film) JD McCrary (cub in The Lion King (2019 film) Information Species Lion Gender Male Family Mufasa (father, deceased) Sarabi (mother) Bunga (adoptive brother) Sarafina (mother - in - law) Kovu (son - in - law) Spouse (s) Nala (wife) Children Kopa (son) Kiara (daughter) Kion (son) Relatives Scar (uncle, deceased)
The Young and the Restless is an American television soap opera, created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS. It first aired on March 26, 1973. The longest - running current cast member is Doug Davidson, who has portrayed private investigator Paul Williams since May 23, 1978. Jeanne Cooper, who portrayed the soap opera's matriarch Katherine Chancellor, holds the record for the series' longest - running cast member, airing from November 1973 until her death in May 2013. Melody Thomas Scott and Eric Braeden, who portray Nikki and Victor Newman, are the second and third longest - running cast members, having joined in February 1979 and February 1980, respectively. Kate Linder has portrayed Esther Valentine since April 1982, and rounds out the series' top four longest - running cast members. The following list is of cast members who are currently on the show: both main and recurring members, as well as those who are debuting, departing or returning from the series.
The first Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes was set up in August 1978 with Bhola Paswan Shastri as Chairman and other four Members. In 1990 the Commission for SCs and STs was renamed as the National Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes were formed as per 1987 and it was set up as a National Level Advisory Body to advise the Government on broad policy issues and levels of development of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
Prince Luigi Amedeo, Duke of the Abruzzi (29 January 1873 – 18 March 1933) was an Italian mountaineer and explorer, briefly Infante of Spain as son of Amadeo I of Spain, member of the royal House of Savoy and cousin of the Italian King Victor Emmanuel III. He is known for his Arctic explorations and for his mountaineering expeditions, particularly to Mount Saint Elias (Alaska–Yukon) and K2 (Pakistan–China). He also served as an Italian admiral during World War I.
George Wickham Gender Male Occupation Officer in Colonel Forster's regiment. Income Less than 100 pounds a year. Family Spouse (s) Lydia Bennet Romantic interest (s) Georgiana Darcy Elizabeth Bennet Mary King
The film's primary focus is Steve (Harry Hamlin), who has found himself generally content with his uncomplicated life of working and racing. This creates some amount of tension between him and his friends, who have been losing their interest in racing and have been attempting to make serious inroads in the music industry. Steve's blossoming relationship with singer Tina (Deborah Van Valkenburgh) causes him to re-think his mantra, as he realizes that a truly fulfilling life involves more than just work and play.
Mons Ardeshir is one of the mountains on the Moon, inside crater King. Its diameter is 8 km. In 1976 it was named after Persian male name Ardeshir.