The 2015 Brazilian Grand Prix (formally known as the Formula 1 Grande Prêmio Petrobras do Brasil 2015) was a Formula One motor race held at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace in São Paulo, Brazil on 15 November 2015. It was the eighteenth race of the 2015 FIA Formula One World Championship, and marked the 44th running of the Brazilian Grand Prix as a round of the World Championship since its inception in .
Estádio José do Rego Maciel, also known as Estádio do Arruda, is a multi-purpose stadium in Recife, Brazil. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium was built in 1972 and is able to hold 60,044 spectators. Estádio do Arruda is owned by Santa Cruz Futebol Clube. The stadium is named after José do Rego Maciel, who was Recife's mayor between 1952 and 1955.
São José dos Campos (, meaning Saint Joseph of the Fields) is a major city and the seat of the municipality of the same name in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. One of the leading industrial and research centers with emphasis in aerospace sciences in Latin America, the city is located in the Paraíba Valley, between the two most active production and consumption regions in the country, São Paulo ( from the city) and Rio de Janeiro (). It is the main city of the Metropolitan Region of Vale do Paraíba e Litoral Norte. A native of São José dos Campos is called a "joseense" ().
UDRA (União Desportiva Rei Amador) is a football club that plays in the São Tomé and Príncipe Championship. The team is based in the southern part of the island of São Tomé in the city of São João dos Angolares and plays at Campo de Ribeira Peixe nearby. The club is named after Rei Amador, a slave king in Angolares mythology.
Central do Brasil () is a major train station in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. It is the last stop of Rio's railway network, as well as a hub for connection with the city subway and a bus station. Central do Brasil was also a preeminent stop in the interstate Central do Brasil railroad, which did link Rio de Janeiro with São Paulo and Minas Gerais, though the railroad is now deactivated. The station is located in downtown Rio de Janeiro, along the Avenida Presidente Vargas and across from the Campo de Santana park.
Si mis campos hablaran is a 1947 Chilean film directed by José Bohr and starring Chela Bon. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
São Pedro de Alva e São Paio do Mondego is a civil parish in the municipality of Penacova, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes São Pedro de Alva and São Paio do Mondego. The population in 2011 was 1,818, in an area of 37.94 km².
São José dos Quatro Marcos is a municipality in the state of Mato Grosso in the Central-West Region of Brazil.
Guararapes is a municipality near Araçatuba in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population is 32,346 (2015 est.) in an area of 956 km². The elevation is 415 m. This place name comes from the Tupi language, meaning "drums".
São José do Mantimento is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Zona da Mata and to the microregion of Manhuaçu.
Juca de Oliveira (born José de Oliveira Santos; March 16, 1935 in Itapira, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor.
Rodovia dos Imigrantes (official designation SP‑160) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The highway connects the city of São Paulo to the Atlantic coast and with the seaside cities of São Vicente and Praia Grande. It follows the route of Rodovia Anchieta and is also one of Brazil's busiest highways, especially on weekends.
Ipiguá is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The population is 5,022 (2015 est.) in an area of 136 km². Ipiguá is located 20 km from São José do Rio Preto. The municipality belongs to the Microregion of São José do Rio Preto.
The SP-83 is a highway in the southeastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The highway is known as the Rodovia Anel Viário José Roberto Magalhães Teixeira in its entire length.
Santo Antônio da Alegria is a municipality in the northern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population is 6,739 (2015 est.) in an area of 310.29 km². The elevation is 791 m. A neighboring municipality is São Sebastião do Paraíso in Minas Gerais to the northeast.
The 2002 Brazilian Grand Prix (formally the XXXI Grande Prêmio Marlboro do Brasil) was a Formula One motor race held on 31 March 2002 at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace, São Paulo, Brazil. It was the third round of the 2002 Formula One season and the thirty-first Brazilian Grand Prix. The 71-lap race was won by Ferrari driver Michael Schumacher after starting from the second position. Ralf Schumacher finished second for the Williams team with David Coulthard third in a McLaren.
José de Almeida e Vasconcelos Pinto Coelho (born Lisbon, Campo Grande, 27 September 1960) commonly known just by José Pinto-Coelho, is a Portuguese far-right and nationalist politician, president of the National Renovator Party (Partido Nacional Renovador) since 2005.
The Sisters of Saint Joseph of Nazareth, also called simply the Sisters of St Joseph or Josephites ("Black Josephites"), are a religious congregation who have their main centre in Whanganui, New Zealand. The congregation was a member of the Federation of the Sisters of St. Joseph which disbanded in 2013. The Sisters of St Joseph Whanganui received the Decree of Fusion with the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart on 22 February 2013.
Nova Aliança is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The population is 6,555 (2015 est.) in an area of 217.5 km². Nova Aliança belongs to the Mesoregion of São José do Rio Preto.
The naval Battle of Ponta Delgada, "Battle of São Miguel" or specifically the "Battle of Vila Franca do Campo" took place on 26 July 1582, off the coast of the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores, during the War of the Portuguese Succession. A combined corsair expedition, mainly French (an Anglo-French fleet with Portuguese forces included), sailed against a Spanish naval force made up of Portuguese and Castilian ships, to preserve control of the Azores under pretender António, Prior of Crato and to defend the islands from incorporation into the Iberian Union—the largest French force sent overseas before the age of Louis XIV.