Paolo Manalo is a Filipino poet who teaches at the College of Arts and Letters, University of the Philippines. For a time he served as the literary editor of the Philippines Free Press.
Lorenzo Baraldi studied at the faculty of set design of the "Istituto d'Arte Paolo Toschi" in Parma, Italy, and attended the set decoration classes of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera in Milan. He taught set decoration at the Accademia di Belle Arti in Viterbo from 1993 to 1995, at the "Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia" from 1994 to 1995, at the "Accademia di Costume e Moda" in Rome from 1995 to 1998, at the "Associazione Scenografi Costumisti e Arredatori" from 1998 to 1999, at the "Istituto Europeo di Design" (I.E.D.) during the academic year 2005–2006, and in the Campus for arts student of the "Sannio Film Festival" in the years 2008 and 2009. He made a series of lectures on scenography and scenotechnics at the "Istituto d'Arte Paolo Toschi" in Parma in winter 1996 and in 2000–2001.
Born in Worksop, England, the son of Polish émigrés, he and his family immigrated to Montreal in 1954. He attended Loyola High School and received a B.A. from McGill University in 1968. In 1964, he started as a reporter for the "Montreal Gazette". He moved to the "McGill Daily" in 1968 and to the "Toronto Star" in 1969.
Boğaziçi University (also known as Bosphorus University, , "Boğaziçi" literally meaning Bosphorus in Turkish) is a major research university located on the European side of the Bosphorus strait in Istanbul, Turkey. It has four faculties and two schools offering undergraduate degrees, and six institutes offering graduate degrees. The language of instruction is English.
He worked in street construction for a short amount of time, but was unable to cope with the heavy labour. Continuing to attend university as a guest student, he started an apprenticeship as cabinetmaker, which he completed as a journeyman. He was dreaming at that time of starting a daycare facility for children, for which he assumed the ability to make furniture might be useful. After that he did voluntary service in one of psychoanalyst Alfred Adler's clinics for children. In 1922, he did his matura by way of a second chance education and finally joined the University as an ordinary student. He completed his examination as an elementary teacher in 1924 and started working at an after-school care club for socially endangered children. In 1925, he went to the newly founded Pädagogisches Institut and continued studying philosophy and psychology. Around that time he started courting Josefine Anna Henninger, who later became his wife.
The University of Kalemie (UNIKOL) is a public university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, located in the province of Katanga, city of Kolwezi. At its creation, it was an "Extension of the University of Lubumbashi", then called "University Centre of Kolwezi (C.U.K.)". Instruction is in French.
Edward Austin Warren Jr. was born in Waltham, Massachusetts on July 4, 1899 as the elder of two sons by Edward Austin Warren, city alderman of Waltham and expert butcher, and Nellie Myra Anderson Warren. He attended public grammar school in Ashburnham, Massachusetts and briefly attended Waltham High School, where he received instruction in Latin and studied Esperanto independently. At the age of thirteen, Warren and his family relocated to a lonely farm in Stow, Massachusetts. He attended Hale High School and received additional training in Latin; he would later consider this instruction responsible for his classical major at college.
ROTC in the Philippines began in 1912 when the Philippine Constabulary commenced with military instruction at the University of the Philippines. The university's Board of Regents then made representations to the United States Department of War through the Governor - General and received the services of a United States Army officer who took on the duties of a professor of Military Science. Through this arrangement, the first official ROTC unit in the Philippines was established in the University of the Philippines on 3 July 1922.
Fabio Mignanelli was born in Siena ca. 1486, the son of Pietro Paolo Mignanelli and Onorata Saraceni. He attended the University of Siena, becoming a doctor of both laws. He then became a professor of law at the University of Siena.
Born in Florence, Italy, Paolo Del Bianco graduated at the University of Florence in 1972 with a degree in architecture. In the period 1972–1975 he was assistant professor at the Faculty of Architecture at the University of Florence. He then focused on building construction for the hotel industry. He designed and built hotels and a conference center in Florence, later overseeing their management.
Born in Montreal, the son of John Smythe Hall, a lumber merchant, and Emma Brigham, he attended Bishop's College School in Lennoxville, Quebec and received a Bachelor of Law degree from McGill University in 1875. He was called to the Quebec Bar in 1876 and then started a law career which would see him become a principal partner of the law firm Hall, Cross, Brown, and Sharp.
He attended Everest Military Academy in Hamden, Connecticut; and graduated from Harvard College in 1872; attended the law school in the University of Berlin; and graduated from the Columbia Law School in 1876. He was admitted to the bar that same year.
Tiberius Coruncanius (died 241 BC) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 280 BC. As a military commander in that year and the following, he was known for the battles against Pyrrhus of Epirus that led to the expression "Pyrrhic victory". He was the first plebeian Pontifex Maximus, and possibly the first teacher of Roman law to offer public instruction.
Dmowska started fencing when she was ten years old. At first, she fought with foil but at the age of twelve she started training with épée. From 1997 to 2001, Danuta Dmowska attended the XLV Lyceum in Warsaw, Poland.
In 1968, Schwarzenegger and fellow bodybuilder Franco Columbu started a bricklaying business. The business flourished thanks to the pair's marketing savvy and an increased demand following the 1971 San Fernando earthquake. Schwarzenegger and Columbu used profits from their bricklaying venture to start a mail order business, selling bodybuilding and fitness-related equipment and instructional tapes.
In 1989, HP determined that Reduced Instruction Set Computing (RISC) architectures were approaching a processing limit at one instruction per cycle. HP researchers investigated a new architecture, later named Explicitly Parallel Instruction Computing (EPIC), that allows the processor to execute multiple instructions in each clock cycle. EPIC implements a form of very long instruction word (VLIW) architecture, in which a single instruction word contains multiple instructions. With EPIC, the compiler determines in advance which instructions can be executed at the same time, so the microprocessor simply executes the instructions and does not need elaborate mechanisms to determine which instructions to execute in parallel.
Helmholz was born in Evanston, Illinois on May 24, 1915. He attended the Shattuck School military academy in Faribault, Minnesota, following which he went to Harvard University for his undergraduate education. In 1936, Helmholz won a fellowship to study at the Cambridge University for one year. On the advice of his family neighbour and future Nobel laureate Luis Alvarez, Helmolz moved to the University of California, Berkeley for his graduate education.
The Keller Plan, also called the Personalized System of Instruction (PSI), was developed by Fred S. Keller with J. Gilmour Sherman, Carolina Bori, and Rodolpho Azzi in the middle 1960s as an innovative method of instruction for the then-new University of Brasília. PSI was conceived of as an application of Skinner's theories of learning, grounded in operant conditioning strategies of behaviorism.
Morgan attended Trinity School, Riverview Military Academy and graduated from Columbia University with a law degree. However, after almost two years' practicing, he abandoned the world of jurisprudence for the vocation of journeyman actor, having already appeared in Columbia's annual Varsity Show. In 1905, billed as Raphael Kuhner Wupperman, he appeared in "The Khan of Kathan", that year's variety show.
The Helmut Schmidt University (), located in Hamburg, Germany, is a German military educational establishment that was founded in 1973 at the initiative of the then-Federal Minister of Defence, Helmut Schmidt. Originally known as the "University of the Bundeswehr Hamburg" ("Universität der Bundeswehr"), its complete official name today is "Helmut-Schmidt-Universität/Universität der Bundeswehr Hamburg". Teaching first started in Autumn of 1973. It is one of two universities that were established by the Bundeswehr to train and educate its future and existing officers.