Empress Dowager Gou (苟太后, personal name unknown) was an empress dowager of the Chinese/Di state Former Qin. Her husband was Fu Xiong (苻雄), the Prince of Donghai and brother of the founding emperor Fu Jiàn. She became empress dowager in 357 after her son Fu Jiān (note different tone) seized power in a coup from his tyrannical cousin Fu Sheng (Fu Jiàn's son) and claimed the title "Heavenly Prince" ("Tian Wang"). In addition to Fu Jiān, she had at least one other son with Fu Xiong, Fu Shuang (苻雙) the Duke of Zhao.
Sima Yuanxian was the son of Sima Daozi the Prince of Kuaiji, the younger brother of Emperor Xiaowu and son of Emperor Jianwen, and he was born during the reign of his uncle Emperor Xiaowu. When Emperor Xiaowu was murdered by his concubine Honoured Lady Zhang in 396, he was succeeded by Emperor An, and Sima Daozi, as the emperor's uncle, became regent. Sima Daozi's trusted associates Wang Guobao (王國寶) and Wang Xu (王緒), because of their corrupt ways, quickly drew the ires of provincial officials Wang Gong (王恭) and Yin Zhongkan (殷仲堪), and in 397, Wang Gong and Yin started a rebellion, demanding that Wang Guobao and Wang Xu be killed. Sima Daozi, apprehensive of Wang Gong and Yin's power, executed Wang Guobao and Wang Xu, and Wang Gong and Yin withdrew. It was at this juncture that Sima Yuanxian, Sima Daozi's heir apparent, who was 15 but considered intelligent and capable, warned Sima Daozi that Wang Gong and Yin would one day again rebel. Sima Daozi, trusting his son, entrusted Sima Yuanxian with his personal guards.
Li Kuangwei (李匡威) (d. 893) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) after inherited it from his father Li Quanzhong in 886, until he was overthrown by his brother Li Kuangchou in 893. After he was overthrown, he resided briefly at the domain of his ally Wang Rong the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei). He subsequently tried to seize control of the circuit from Wang, but was killed by Chengde soldiers faithful to Wang.
Empress Dowager Wang (王太后, personal name unknown) (died 928) was a concubine of the late-Tang Dynasty warlord Yang Xingmi and the mother of his son Yang Pu, the final ruler and the only emperor of the Wu state founded upon the territory that Yang Xingmi took. During Yang Pu's reign as emperor, she was honored as empress dowager.
Philip III Portrait by Andrés López Polanco King of Spain, Portugal, Naples, Sicily, and Sardinia; Duke of Milan (more...) Reign 13 September 1598 -- 31 March 1621 Predecessor Philip II and I Successor Philip IV and III 14 April 1578 Madrid, Spain 31 March 1621 (1621 - 03 - 31) (aged 42) Madrid, Spain Burial El Escorial Spouse Margaret of Austria (m. 1599; d. 1611) Issue Anne, Queen of France Philip IV of Spain Maria Anna, Holy Roman Empress Infante Charles of Spain Cardinal - Infante Ferdinand House Habsburg Father Philip II of Spain Mother Anna of Austria Religion Roman Catholicism Signature
Wang Lin (born March 30, 1989 in Hangzhou) is a badminton player from China. Wang Lin was crowned the world champion after winning the gold medal at the 2010 BWF World Championships held at Paris defeating fellow Chinese Wang Xin 21-11, 19-21, 21-13.
Saint Cunigunde of Luxembourg, OSB (c. 975 – 3 March 1040), also called Cunegundes, Cunegunda, and Cunegonda and, in Latin, Cunegundis or Kinigundis, was Empress of the Holy Roman Empire by marriage to Holy Roman Emperor Saint Henry II. She served as interim Regent after the death of her spouse in 1024. She is a Roman Catholic saint and the Patroness of Luxembourg and Lithuania; her feast day is 3 March.
, also known as , the eldest daughter of Fujiwara no Michinaga, was Empress of Japan from c. 1000 to c. 1011. Her father sent her to live in the Emperor Ichijō's harem at age 12. Because of his power, influence and political machinations she quickly achieved the status of . As empress she was able to surround herself with a court of talented and educated ladies-in-waiting such as Murasaki Shikibu, author of "The Tale of Genji".
Empress Gou (苟皇后, personal name unknown) was an empress of the Chinese/Di state Former Qin. Her husband was Fu Jiān, who created her empress in 355 after seizing the throne from his violent and cruel cousin Fu Sheng even though he claimed only the title of "Heavenly Prince" ("Tian Wang").
The Last Empress is a historical novel by Anchee Min that provides a sympathetic account of the life of Empress Dowager Cixi (referred to as Empress Orchid), from her rise to power as Empress Tzu-Hsi, until her death at 72 years of age. Akin to the bestselling and preceding novel in the series Empress Orchid, names within the story are different in spelling but retain the same pronunciation - allowing the reader to identify each relevant character to his or her real life counterpart.
Empress of Mijak (known as Empress in North America and the United Kingdom) is the first novel in the "Godspeaker" series by Karen Miller.
Wang Yacheng (王亞澄) (d. 944), formally the Prince of Min (閩王), was an imperial prince of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Min. He was the only historically-known son of its fifth ruler Wang Yanxi (also known as Wang Xi, Emperor Jingzong).
Empress Dowager Xu (徐太后, personal name unknown) (died 926), honored as Empress Dowager Shunsheng (順聖太后) during the reign of her son Wang Yan (né Wang Zongyan), known as Consort Xu with the imperial consort rank "Xianfei" (徐賢妃) during the reign of her husband Wang Jian, was an empress dowager of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Former Shu. She was one of the favorite concubines of Wang Jian, the founder of Former Shu, and through her palace machinations was able to have her son Wang Yan (who was then named Wang Zongyan) made Wang Jian's heir. She was described as beautiful and capable of writing poems, but corrupt. After Former Shu's destruction by Later Tang, she, her son, as well as the rest of the Former Shu imperial family, were executed by Emperor Zhuangzong of Later Tang.
Geng Jimao or Keng Chi-mao (; died 1671) was a Chinese prince and military leader, inheriting the title of "Jingnan Prince" (Jingnan wang [靖南王] meaning "Prince who pacifies the South") from his father Geng Zhongming, along with his lands, and passing it on, in his turn to his son Geng Jingzhong.
Princess Pingyang (平陽公主) was the eldest daughter of Emperor Jing of Han and his second empress, Empress Wang Zhi, as well as Emperor Wu's most well-known older sister. Her official title was actually Eldest Princess Yangxin (陽信長公主), but because she married Cao Shi (曹时, also known as Cao Shou 曹寿), the Marquess of Pingyang (平陽侯), she was generally referred to as Princess Pingyang after her husband's enfeoffment.
Jin Feishan (; died 926) was an empress of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Former Shu. She was the second wife of Former Shu's last emperor Wang Yan (né Wang Zongyan).
Empress Qiang (強皇后, personal name unknown) (died 356), formally Empress Mingde (明德皇后, literally "the understanding and virtuous empress"), was an empress of the Chinese/Di state Former Qin. Her husband was Former Qin's founding emperor, Fu Jiàn (Emperor Jingming).
Wang Shen'ai was the daughter of the official Wang Xianzhi, the son of the famed official and calligrapher Wang Xizhi. Her mother Princess Xin'an was the daughter of Emperor Jianwen, making her and her husband cousins. In 396, while he was still crown prince under his father Emperor Xiaowu, they married, and she became crown empress. She was 12, and he was 14. As he was described to be so developmentally disabled that he could not speak or dress himself, or express whether he was full or hungry, it was unlikely that their marriage was consummated; in any case, they had no children. Later that year, after Emperor Xiaowu was killed by his concubine Honoured Lady Zhang after humiliating her, Emperor An became emperor. In 397, she was created empress.
Empress Wang (王皇后, personal name unknown), known as Empress Rang (讓皇后, "empress of the emperor who yielded") during Southern Tang, was the wife and empress of Yang Pu (Emperor Rui), the final ruler of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Wu. As he was the only ruler who claimed the title of emperor, she was the only person to carry the title of empress during Wu.
Wang Yuanji (217–268) was the wife of Sima Zhao, a regent of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China. She became the empress dowager during the reign of her son Sima Yan, who ended the Wei regime and founded the Jin dynasty. She was posthumously honoured as "Empress Wenming" (literally "civil and understanding empress") after her death.