John Jacob Hess was born in Wald, Zurich, Switzerland on May 17, 1584 to Hans Heinrich Hess, a bailiff, (1534–1587) and Adelheid Kuntz (1546–1585). He had eight older full siblings: Margaretha, Christian, Matheus, Hans, Elsy, Margaretha, Heinrich, and Dorothea; five older half-siblings from his father's first two marriages: Adelheid, Barbara, Veronica, Catharina and Anna; and one younger half-brother, Hans, from his father's fourth marriage.
Liu Rushi (; 1618–1664), also known as Liu Shi, Liu Yin and Yang Yin, was a Chinese courtesan and poet in the late Ming dynasty who married Qian Qianyi at the age of 25. She committed suicide on the death of her husband. She famously exchanged verses with Chen Zilong, and was noted for her painting.
They trace their genealogy back to Amela bin Saba'a bin Yashjeb bin Ya'arib bin Qahtan who left Yemen after the fourth destruction of the Marib Dam around 200 B.C. They dwelled in Jordan and Syria settling the southern highlands and eastern valley of modern Lebanon.
Sultan bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud is the son of King Saud and the grandson of King Abdulaziz the first monarch of Saudi Arabia. His mother was Munirah Al Haboot Al Mutairi. He is the brother of Prince Abdulrahman bin Saud, the godfather of Al-Nasr, and the uncle of Prince Faisal bin Abdulrahman Al Saud and Mamdoh bin Abdulrahman bin Saud, two of Al-Nasr presidents.
Liu Yin (劉胤) (died 329), courtesy name Yisun (義孫), was an imperial prince of the Chinese/Xiongnu state Han Zhao, who, following his father Liu Yao's capture by rival Later Zhao, tried to maintain the state with his brother, the crown prince Liu Xi, but was unsuccessful and killed by Later Zhao.
Abdullah bin Mutaib bin Abdullah Al Saud (born 13 October 1984) is a Saudi show jumping rider and a member of House of Saud.
Liu Ju (; 128–91 BC), formally known as Crown Prince Wei (衛太子) and posthumously as Crown Prince Li (戾太子, literally "the Unrepentant Crown Prince") was a Western Han Dynasty crown prince. He was the eldest son and the heir apparent to his father, Emperor Wu of Han, until his death at age 38 during the political turmoil in 91 BC. Contrary to his less-than-flattering posthumous name, Liu Ju was generally regarded by historians as a well-mannered, benevolent, morally upright man who, by circumstances out of his control, was forced into an uprising against his father's army and died as a consequence of the rebellion.
Very little is known about the future Consort Dowager Zhao's background. It is known that she was considered very beautiful and was favored by Liu Yan. In 920, she gave birth to his third son Liu Hongdu — who would effectively become his oldest son since Liu Hongdu's older brothers Liu Yaoshu (劉耀樞) and Liu Guitu (劉龜圖) would both die early. During Liu Yan's "Dayou" era (928-942), she would receive the imperial consort title "Zhaoyi" (昭儀).
Abdul Rahman bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (19 November 1946 – 29 July 2004) was a member of Saudi royal family, House of Saud.
Liu Piguang (; died 154 BC) was the ninth son of Liu Fei and grandson of Emperor Gaozu of Han. When Liu Ze, Prince of Qi, died without an heir in 165 BC, Emperor Wen of Han divided the Qi territory in the land among the living sons of Liu Fei. In 164, Piguang was named Prince of Jinan and received part of the former Qi land. In 154 BC, he joined the Rebellion of the Seven States initiated by Liu Pi, Prince of Wu. Piguang was defeated and killed in battle with generals Dou Ying and Zhou Yafu. His land was returned to Han and his title was abolished.
Loekman Hakim was born in Cianjur, West Java, Indonesia, on December 30, 1975, to Eman Sulaeman and Iis Martini. Loekman is the third child of five siblings. His father was a teacher at SMP 5 Bandung. Loekman married Rika Nurhayati and have two child.
Heinrich Lossow's father was Arnold Hermann Lossow, a Bremen sculptor. His father moved to Munich in 1820 to study under Ernst Mayer. In Munich, Arnold Hermann Lossow married and had three children: Carl Lossow in 1835, Friedrich Lossow in 1837, and Heinrich Lossow in 1843. The three boys had an affinity for art; Carl became a historical painter, while Friedrich became a wildlife painter. Heinrich would outlive all of his siblings.
The Latter Deposed Emperor of Liu Song ((劉)宋後廢帝, also known as Emperor Houfei) (1 March 463 – 1 August 477), also known by posthumous demoted title of Prince of Cangwu (蒼梧王), personal name Liu Yu (劉昱), courtesy name Derong (德融), nickname Huizhen (慧震), was an emperor of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song.
Liu Yin (劉隱) (874 – April 4, 911), formally Prince Xiang of Nanhai (南海襄王), later further posthumously honored Emperor Xiang (襄皇帝) with the temple name of Liezong (烈宗) by his younger brother Liu Yan, was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Tang's succeeding dynasty Later Liang of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period, who ruled Qinghai Circuit (清海, headquartered in modern Guangzhou, Guangdong) as its military governor ("Jiedushi"). It was on the basis of his rule that Liu Yan was later able to establish the state of Southern Han.
Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan (Arabic: عبد الله بن زايد بن سلطان ال نهيان ‎ ‎; born 30 April 1972) is the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates. He is the son of the founder of UAE, Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan.
When a virus that is carried by rainfall wipes out almost all humans in Scandinavia, Danish siblings Simone and Rasmus take shelter in a bunker. Six years later, they emerge to search for their father, a scientist who left them in the bunker but never returned. Along the way they join a group of young survivors and together they travel across Denmark and Sweden, searching for a safe place, and for the siblings' father, who may be able to provide the answers and the cure.
Sa'ad bin Osama bin Muhammad bin 'Awad bin Laden (; 1979 - 2009), better known as Saad bin Laden, was one of Osama bin Laden's sons. He continued in his father's footsteps by being active in Al Qaeda, and was being groomed to be his heir apparent. He was killed in an American drone strike in 2009.
Omar bin Osama bin Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden (, "ʿUmar bin ʾUsāmah bin Muḥammad bin ʿAwaḍ bin Lādin"; born March 1, 1982), better known as Omar bin Laden, is one of the sons of Osama bin Laden and his first wife and first cousin Najwa Ghanem (see Bin Laden family). He is the fourth-eldest son among 20 children of Osama bin Laden. Older reports have described Omar and his brother Abdallah bin Laden as nephews or cousins of Osama bin Laden.
Ribal al-Assad was born in Damascus, the 13th of 16 siblings. He is the son of Rifaat al-Assad and his third wife Line Al-Khayer, sister in law of the late Saudi king Abdullah bin Abdulaziz, and is thus a member of the al-Assad family. His father, Rifaat al-Assad, a younger brother of the late President Hafez Al-Assad, was a powerful security chief and commander of the Defense Companies, who was responsible for the 1982 Hama massacre. After attempting a coup d'état, he and his family went into exile in France, then the UK. Ribal, at the age of 9, and his family then moved to Paris, where he continued to live until the age of 16. At the age of 16, Ribal al-Assad began High School in New York and Houston, before attending university in Boston.
Abdul Rahman bin Faisal Al Saud (1845–1928) ( / ALA-LC: "‘Abd ar Raḥman bin Fayṣal") was the last ruler of the Emirate of Nejd, Second Saudi State. He was the youngest son of Faisal bin Turki bin Abdullah Al Saud and the father of Ibn Saud, who founded the modern Saudi Arabia.