Vanessa Hudgens as Kailani Laguatan Gabato's daughter whom Sean falls in love with and who is part of the father - daughter tour guide team.
Jam Hsiao Self Titled Album () is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jam Hsiao's () debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 16 June 2008 by Warner Music Taiwan.
Cheng Ch'ing-wen (; September 16, 1932 – November 4, 2017) was a Taiwanese writer and a graduate of National Taiwan University. He worked at the then government-run Hua Nan Bank for forty years. His works in English are generally under the transliteration "Cheng Ch'ing-Wen" and that is how he is described in many English-language publications published in Taiwan. The transliteration "Tzeng Ching-wen" is also used.
The son of President Chiang Kai-shek and his first wife, Mao Fumei, Chiang Ching-kuo was born in Fenghua, Zhejiang, with the courtesy name of Jiànfēng (). He had an adopted brother, Chiang Wei-kuo. "Ching" literally means "longitude" while "kuo" means "nation"; in his brother's name, "wei" literally means "parallel (of latitude)". The names are inspired by the references in Chinese classics such as the "Guoyu", in which "to draw the longitudes and latitudes of the world" is used as a metaphor for a person with great abilities, especially in managing a country.
Chiang Hsiao-wen (; also known as Alan Chiang; 14 December 1935 – 14 April 1989) was the eldest son of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988. His mother is Faina Ipatyevna Vakhreva, also known as Chiang Fang-liang. He had one younger sister, Hsiao-chang, and two younger brothers, Hsiao-wu and Hsiao-yung. He had two half-brothers, Winston Chang and John Chiang, with whom he shared the same father.
Celie is a poor, uneducated, 14 - year - old girl living in the American South in the early 1900s. She writes letters to God because her father, Alphonso, beats her harshly and rapes her continuously. Alphonso has already impregnated Celie once, a pregnancy that resulted in the birth of a boy she called Adam. Alphonso takes the baby away shortly after his birth. Celie has a second child, a girl she called Olivia whom Alphonso also abducts. Celie's ailing mother dies after cursing Celie on her deathbed.
Chiang Hsiao-wu (; also known as Alex Chiang; April 25, 1945 - July 1, 1991) was the second son of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988. His mother is Faina Ipatyevna Vakhreva, also known as Chiang Fang-liang. He had one older brother, Hsiao-wen, one older sister, Hsiao-chang, and one younger brother, Hsiao-yung. He also had two half-brothers, Winston Chang and John Chiang, with whom he shared the same father.
Barney has three half - siblings: James (played by Wayne Brady), from his mother's side, a gay African American who is married to a man, with whom he has an adopted son and daughter (as revealed in the season seven episode ``The Rebound Girl ''); Carly (played by Ashley Benson), a university student from his father's side with whom Ted has a one - night stand in`` Ring Up!'', and Jerome Jr. (JJ), from his father's side, who is 11. He also has a female cousin named Leslie, with whom he accidentally grinds in a nightclub, as seen in the episode ``Okay Awesome ''.
Mae Yao () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a population of 19,958 people. The "tambon" contains 18 villages.
Doi Chiang Dao (, ), also known as Doi Luang Chiang Dao (, ), is a 2,175 m high mountain in Chiang Dao District of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. It is one of the highest peaks of the Daen Lao Range on the Thai side of the border.
Loekman Hakim was born in Cianjur, West Java, Indonesia, on December 30, 1975, to Eman Sulaeman and Iis Martini. Loekman is the third child of five siblings. His father was a teacher at SMP 5 Bandung. Loekman married Rika Nurhayati and have two child.
Gregoire Boonzaier was the fifth child of political cartoonist Daniël Cornelis Boonzaier and his cousin Maria Elizabeth Boonzaier. Early on Gregoire made the acquaintance of the artists Pieter Wenning, Nita Spilhaus, Moses Kottler and Anton van Wouw, all of whom were close family friends.
Bo Yikao was the eldest son of King Wen of Zhou and the elder brother of King Wu who was the founder of the Zhou dynasty of ancient China.
The Sun Moon Lake Wen Wu Temple () is a Wen Wu temple located on the perimeter of Sun Moon Lake in Yuchi Township, Nantou County, Taiwan.
Nang Lae () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a population of 10,312 people. The "tambon" has 14 villages.
San Phi Suea () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Mai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 8,466 people. The "tambon" contains 9 villages.
Malcolm Shabazz was born in Paris on October 8, 1984. His father, L. A. Bouasba, was an Algerian Muslim whom Qubilah Shabazz met there. According to Malcolm, he never met his father. Other sources say Malcolm knew his father, but they had little contact with one another.
The Miracle Child (French: L'enfant du miracle) is a 1932 French science fiction film based on a play of the same name by Robert Charvay and Paul Gavault. The plot of the film centers around a widow named Blanche Montel who endeavours to find a man with whom to produce a child so that she can pretend that the child was her late husband's and so inherit a fortune. In a scene which has been cited as particularly humorous, a few characters interrupt a Spiritualist séance and are subsequently believed to be ghosts. Ginette Leclerc's minor role in "The Miracle Child" was one of her first acting roles in a long and successful career.
In the Heat of the Sun is a 1994 Chinese film directed and written by Jiang Wen. This was Jiang Wen's first foray into directing after years as a leading man. The film is based loosely on author Wang Shuo's novel "Wild Beast".
Xiao Shuxian (Simplified Chinese: 萧淑娴; Traditional Chinese: 蕭淑嫻; Pinyin: Xiāo Shúxián; sometimes spelled Hsiao Shu-sien) (4 April 1905 in Tianjin – 26 November 1991 in Beijing) was a Chinese composer and music educator.