George Coe (May 10, 1929 -- July 18, 2015) was an American stage, film and television actor and voice artist. He did voice - over work in video games, movies and TV shows. He was a cast member for the first season of Saturday Night Live and voiced Woodhouse in Archer.
Nalla is a 2004 Kannada romance-drama film directed by V. Nagendra Prasad featuring Sudeep and Sangeetha in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Venkat Narayan and lyrics by V. Nagendra Prasad. The film released on 12 November 2004. This movie was dubbed in Hindi as "Aur Ek Diljala" This is a remake of 1982 Tamil movie "Moondram Pirai" which itself was loosely based on "City Lights".
Pyar Ka Devta () is a 1991 Hindi language Indian film directed by Kovelamudi Bapayya, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Madhuri Dixit, and Nirupa Roy.
The film is a commentary on the social and the gender injustice. As in his other movies, filmmaker Prakash Jha has focussed on the social problems that plague his native state of Bihar, India, and like his other movies this one straddles the boundary between art film and commercial film. The film also boasted of some semi-classical music, tuned by Anand-Milind and Raghunath Seth and worded by Javed Akhtar. The film was critically acclaimed and is considered to be one of Madhuri Dixit's best performances.
Mohsin Khan is an Indian television actor and assistant director. He was the second assistant director in the movie Koyelaanchal. Khan made his television debut with Star Plus' show Nisha Aur Uske Cousins. He worked as the main lead Samar Sareen in Life OK's show Dream Girl. He is currently playing the lead, Kartik Goenka, in Star Plus' daily soap Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai.
Ruøya is an island in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is connected to the village of Aure on the mainland to the east by the Aursund Bridge and to the island of Rottøya to the south by the Smalsund Bridge. The large island of Ertvågsøya lies to the west.
Aadmi Aur Aurat (English title - Man and Woman) is 1984 Hindi language Telefilm directed by Tapan Sinha and starring Amol Palekar, Mahua Roy Chawdhary, Kalyan Chatterjee, Nirmal Ghosh, Parimal Sengupta, Sudhir K. Singh, Dipak Sanyal, Sameer Mukharjee. The movie was telecast on Doordarshan, Government owned TV Channel of India. This film was screened in International Film Festival of India-2007.
``All I Want Is You ''is the final song on U2's 1988 album, Rattle and Hum, and was released on 13 June 1989 as the album's fourth and final single. It is the closing song from the film, Rattle and Hum. String arrangements on the song are by Van Dyke Parks.
Beethoven is an American animated television series loosely based on the 1992 motion picture of the same name. The series was produced by Northern Lights Entertainment, Universal Cartoon Studios and Universal Television, and aired for one season (1994–1995) on CBS, with 26 fifteen-minute episodes produced. Dean Jones, who played Dr. Varnick in the movie, voiced the role of George Newton; Nicholle Tom, who played teenage daughter Ryce in the movie and Beethoven's 2nd, was the only cast member from the films to reprise her role in the series.
Hum Ho Gaye Aapke is a 2001 Bollywood film, directed by Agathiyan and stars Fardeen Khan and Reema Sen in the lead roles. The film is known to be the Bollywood debut of Reema Sen. It was released on 13 August 2001. It is a remake of Tamil movie "Gokulathil Seethai" (1996).
Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge () is a 2011 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film directed by Nupur Asthana, starring debutant actors in the lead roles. The film is the second production of Y-Films, a subsidiary of Yash Raj Films. It released on 14 October 2011. It also marked the debut of Indian folk rocker Raghu Dixit in Bollywood. The film is inspired by the 2001 Telugu movie Anandam and the popular social networking site Facebook. It was declared as a hit at the Indian box office.
For Hope is a 1996 ABC TV movie starring Dana Delany and directed by Bob Saget. Based on Saget's sister Gay, the movie showed the experience of a young woman fatally afflicted with the disease scleroderma. Other cast members included Tracy Nelson and Chris Demetral.
Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega (English: "Every Heart That Loves") is a 2000 Indian Hindi romance film directed by Raj Kanwar. The film stars Salman Khan, Rani Mukerji, Preity Zinta, and with a special appearance by Shah Rukh Khan. It was highly praised by the critics and was the third hit in a row by Salman Khan-Sajid Nadiadwala (producer) collaboration It became the fourth highest grosser of the year. The film is a remake of 1997 Malayalam film Chandralekha starring Mohanlal and the plot also has some minor elements loosely based on the film "While You Were Sleeping".
Yeh Raaste Hain Pyaar Ke Directed by Deepak Shivdasani Produced by Deepak Shivdasani Pradeep Sadarangani Written by Kader Khan, Robin Bhatt, K.V. Shankar (dialogues) Screenplay by Robin Bhatt, Akash Khurana, Umanand Singh Story by Deepak Shivadasani Starring Madhuri Dixit Ajay Devgn Preity Zinta Music by Sanjeev Darshan Cinematography Rajan Kinagi Edited by Shirish Kunder Distributed by Tips Industries Release date 10 August 2001 Language Hindi
Krishna Aur Kans () is a 2012 Hindi Flash-animated film produced and distributed by Reliance Entertainment. It was directed by Vikram Veturi. It was tax free in six states at the time of his release and released in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and English. A new mobile game was also launched on the occasion of Janmashtami after being inspired from film. It was the widest ever released animation movie in India.
Love Kiya Aur Lag Gayi is an Indian Bollywood comedy movie, directed by Rahat Kazmi, starring Jennifer Winget, Vinod Dixit, Pawan Malhotra, Saurabh Shukla, Mukesh Tiwari, Dev Singh and Gagandeep Singh. It is going to release in Dec 2013.The shooting of the film completed in 2012. The climax scene was shot in August 2012 in Russian Villa in Malad west. 'Love Kiya Aur Lagg Gayi' is made under the banner of Shreeram Entertainment house and produced by Harish Sharma.
Eka Peksha Ek (Devnagari: 'एका पेक्षा एक' ) is a 1990 Action, comedy, Mystery Marathi film directed by Sachin released in India in 1990. The movie stars Lakshmikant Berde as deaf and Sachin as blind. The movie is adapted from Arthur Hiller's 1989 American comedy film "See No Evil, Hear No Evil" which was also the inspiration for Hindi movies "Hum Hain Kamaal Ke" and "Pyare Mohan" , Tamil movie "Andipatti Arasampatti" and Kannada movies "Akka Pakka" and "Baduku Jataka Bandi".
U Me Aur Hum ("You, Me and Us") is a 2008 Indian romantic drama film produced and directed by Ajay Devgan under Ajay Devgan Films and Eros International. The film, Devgan's first as a director, stars him alongside his wife Kajol in their seventh film together. Karan Khanna, Isha Sharvani, Sumeet Raghavan and Divya Dutta also star in the film. Written by Devgan himself and three other writers, the film was released on 11 April 2008 in around 450 cinemas (with 150 of them being digital screens). The film is plagiarized from the similar 2004 film, "The Notebook".
Diya Aur Toofan is a 1995 Hindi language Indian feature film directed by K. Bapaiah, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Madhoo, Suresh Oberoi, Mohnish Bahl and Kader Khan. This film is a remake of the 1979 Kannada movie "Seetharamu".
Femina Miss India 2018 Date 19 June 2018 Presenters Karan Johar & Ayushmann Khurrana Entertainment Madhuri Dixit, Kareena Kapoor & Jacqueline Fernandez Venue DOME, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Indoor Stadium, Mumbai Entrants 30 Placements 12 Winner Anukreethy Vas Tamil Nadu ← 2017 2019 →