Swarovski's figurines are collectible, with a stylized mouse being the very first figurine created. A smaller version of this mouse, now labeled the "replica mouse", is still sold.
Mickey's Revue is a 1932 Walt Disney cartoon, directed by Wilfred Jackson, which features Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Horace Horsecollar and Clarabelle Cow performing a song and dance show.
In the spring of 1928, Disney asked Ub Iwerks to start drawing up new character ideas. Iwerks tried sketches of various animals, such as dogs and cats, but none of these appealed to Disney. A female cow and male horse were also rejected. They would later turn up as Clarabelle Cow and Horace Horsecollar. A male frog was also rejected. It would later show up in Iwerks' own Flip the Frog series. Walt Disney got the inspiration for Mickey Mouse from a tame mouse at his desk at Laugh - O - Gram Studio in Kansas City, Missouri. In 1925, Hugh Harman drew some sketches of mice around a photograph of Walt Disney. These inspired Ub Iwerks to create a new mouse character for Disney. ``Mortimer Mouse ''had been Disney's original name for the character before his wife, Lillian, convinced him to change it, and ultimately Mickey Mouse came to be. The actor Mickey Rooney claimed that, during his Mickey McGuire days, he met cartoonist Walt Disney at the Warner Brothers studio, and that Disney was inspired to name Mickey Mouse after him. This claim, however, has been debunked by Disney historian Jim Korkis, since at the time of Mickey Mouse's development, Disney Studios had been located on Hyperion Avenue for several years, and Walt Disney never kept an office or other working space at Warner Brothers, having no professional relationship with Warner Brothers, as the Alice Comedies and Oswald cartoons were distributed by Universal.
Mickey Mouse First appearance Steamboat Willie November 18, 1928 Created by Walt Disney Ub Iwerks Voiced by Walt Disney (1928 -- 1966) Carl W. Stalling (1929) Clarence Nash (1934) Jimmy MacDonald (1947 -- 1977) Wayne Allwine (1977 -- 2009) Les Perkins (1986 -- 1987) Bret Iwan (2009 -- present) Chris Diamantopoulos (2013 -- present) (see voice actors) Developed by Floyd Gottfredson Les Clark Fred Moore Information Full name Michael Mouse Aliases Bob Cratchit King Mickey Mickey (Wizards of Mickey) Species Mouse Gender Male Occupation Detective (MM Mickey Mouse Mystery Magazine) Family Mickey Mouse family Significant other (s) Minnie Mouse Pet dog Pluto
Mickey Mouse is a funny animal cartoon character and the mascot of The Walt Disney Company. He was created by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks at the Walt Disney Studios in 1928. An anthropomorphic mouse who typically wears red shorts, large yellow shoes, and white gloves, Mickey is one of the world's most recognizable characters.
Roger Carel (born Roger Bancharel; 14 August 1927) is a French actor and voice talent, known for his recurring film roles as Asterix, the French voice of "Star Wars'" C-3PO, and the French voice of Winnie-the-Pooh, Piglet, and Rabbit in Winnie the Pooh. He is also dubbing David Suchet as Hercule Poirot in Agatha Christie's Poirot. He also voiced Wally Gator, Mickey Mouse, Yogi Bear, Kermit the Frog, Heathcliff, Foghorn Leghorn, ALF and many other famous characters in French. He was born in Paris, France.
Since 1990, The Walt Disney Company had lobbied for copyright extension. The legalisation delayed the entry into the public domain of the earliest Mickey Mouse movies, leading detractors to the nickname ``The Mickey Mouse Protection Act ''.
Wayne Allwine as Mickey Mouse and Martian Mickey (2006 -- 09) Bret Iwan as Mickey Mouse, Martian Mickey, and Count Mickula (2009 -- 16) Russi Taylor as Minnie Mouse, Martian Minnie, and Quoodles Tony Anselmo as Donald Duck Tress MacNeille as Daisy Duck, Chip, Baby Red Bird, and Mommy Red Bird Bill Farmer as Goofy, Pluto, Goofbot, and Goofles Rob Paulsen as Toodles
Mickey generally appears alongside his girlfriend Minnie Mouse, his pet dog Pluto, his friends Donald Duck and Goofy, and his nemesis Pete, among others (see Mickey Mouse universe). Though originally characterized as a cheeky lovable rogue, Mickey was rebranded over time as a nice guy, usually seen as an honest and bodacious hero. In 2009, Disney began to rebrand the character again by putting less emphasis on his friendly, well-meaning persona and reintroducing the more menacing and stubborn sides of his personality, beginning with the video game "Epic Mickey".
Mickey's Big Game Hunt is a 1928 silent short film in Larry Darmour's "Mickey McGuire" series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman, the two-reel short was released to theaters on December 23, 1928 by FBO.
Mickey Mouse Disco is an album released by Disneyland Records in 1979. A late entry in the genre of disco, "Mickey Mouse Disco" included disco versions of Disney songs and Disney-fied versions of disco hits. The album was re-released on CD in 1995, and is currently available for download from iTunes. On April 13, 2019, the original LP was reissued for the annual Record Store Day.
Building a Building is a 1933 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Production and released by United Artists. A remake of the 1928 Oswald the Lucky Rabbit film "Sky Scrappers", the cartoon depicts Mickey Mouse working at a construction site under the supervision of Peg-Leg Pete while Minnie Mouse is selling box lunches to the workers. It was directed by David Hand, his first directorial assignment at Disney, and features the voices of Walt Disney as Mickey, Marcellite Garner as Minnie, and Billy Bletcher as Pete.
After her stint with "the New Mickey Mouse Club", Allison attended Stanford University and was a founding partner in a creative firm in New York City called Pompei A.D. She spun off part of that company into Allison Fonte Public Relations, also in New York. Allison attended the New Mouseketeers' reunion in May 2001, along with eight other 1970s Mouseketeers.
The Mickey Mouse Club is an American variety television show that aired intermittently from 1955 to 1996 and returned in 2017 to social media. Created by Walt Disney and produced by Walt Disney Productions, the program was first televised in 1955 by ABC, featuring a regular but ever - changing cast of mostly teen performers. ABC broadcast reruns weekday afternoons during the 1958 -- 1959 season, airing right after American Bandstand. The show was revived after its initial 1955 -- 1959 run on ABC, first from 1977 -- 1979 for first - run syndication, again from 1989 -- 1996 as The All - New Mickey Mouse Club (also known to fans as MMC from 1993 -- 1996) airing exclusively on cable television's The Disney Channel, then rebooted in 2017 with the moniker Club Mickey Mouse airing exclusively on internet social media.
Kirk Reeves (1956–2012), also known as "Working" Kirk Reeves, was an American street musician and entertainer best known for playing a trumpet on the west bank bridgehead of the Hawthorne Bridge in Portland, Oregon while wearing a Mickey Mouse hat and a white suit.
Clarabelle Cow is a Disney fictional character within the Mickey Mouse universe of characters. Clarabelle Cow was created by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks in 1928. Clarabelle is one of Minnie Mouse's best friends and is usually depicted as the girlfriend of Horace Horsecollar, although she has also been paired with Goofy occasionally (especially in the Super Goof comic book series). Clarabelle has remained a supporting character in the United States; only in Italy has she been treated as a major character.
The Phantom Blot is a fictional character featured in various media by The Walt Disney Company. He is an enemy of Mickey Mouse. He first appeared in the "Mickey Mouse" comic strip adventure "Mickey Mouse Outwits the Phantom Blot" by Floyd Gottfredson, which was published in the form of daily strips from May 20 to September 9, 1939.
BBC Television returned on 7 June 1946 at 15:00. Jasmine Bligh, one of the original announcers, made the first announcement, saying, 'Good afternoon everybody. How are you? Do you remember me, Jasmine Bligh?'. The Mickey Mouse cartoon of 1939 was repeated twenty minutes later.[unreliable source?] Alexandra Palace was the home base of the channel until the early 1950s when the majority of production moved into the newly acquired Lime Grove Studios.[original research?]
The cartoon follows Mickey Mouse as he tries to teach his dog Pluto to be a pointer dog during a quail hunt. It was directed by Clyde Geronimi and features the voices of Walt Disney as Mickey and Lee Millar as Pluto.
On 1 September 1939, two days before Britain declared war on Germany, the station was taken off air with little warning; the government was concerned that the VHF transmissions would act as a beacon to enemy aircraft homing in on London. Also, many of the television service's technical staff and engineers would be needed for the war effort, in particular on the radar programme. The last programme transmitted was a Mickey Mouse cartoon, Mickey's Gala Premier (1933), which was followed by test transmissions; this account refuted the popular memory according to which broadcasting was suspended before the end of the cartoon.