Chhatar Singh Darbar (born 8 January 1954) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Dhar constituency of Madhya Pradesh and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
The Pakistani National Assembly (Urdu: قومی اسمبلئ پاکستان ‬ ‎ -- Qaumī Asimbli'e Pākistān); is the lower house of the bicameral Majlis - e-Shura, which also comprises the President of Pakistan and Senate (upper house). The National Assembly and the Senate both convene at Parliament House in Islamabad. The National Assembly is a democratically elected body consisting of a total of 332 members who are referred to as Members of the National Assembly (MNAs), of which 272 are directly elected members and 70 reserved seats for women and religious minorities. A political party must secure 172 seats to obtain and preserve a majority.
Parsuram Majhi (born 1 December 1961) was a member of the 13th Lok Sabha and 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Nowrangpur constituency of Odisha and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
Audrey Marlene McLaughlin (née Brown; born November 8, 1936) was leader of Canada's New Democratic Party (NDP) from 1989 to 1995. She was the first female leader of a political party with representation in the House of Commons of Canada, as well as the first female federal political party leader to represent an electoral district in a Canadian territory.
Bhanwar Singh Dangawas (7 June 1929 – 2 July 2012) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Nagaur constituency of Rajasthan and was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
Adversary in the House (1947) is a biographical novel based on the life of Eugene V. Debs and of his wife Kate, who was opposed to socialism.
The National Assembly of Pakistan (Urdu: قومی اسمبلئ پاکستان ‬ ‎) is the lower house of the bicameral Majlis - e-Shura, which also comprises the President of Pakistan and Senate of Pakistan (upper house). The National Assembly and the Senate both convene at Parliament House in Islamabad. The National Assembly is a democratically elected body consisting of a total of 342 members who are referred to as Members of the National Assembly (MNAs), of which 272 are directly elected members and 70 reserved seats for women and religious minorities. A political party must secure 137 seats to obtain and preserve a majority.
Wagmare Suresh Ganapat (born 15 September 1961) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Wardha constituency of Maharashtra and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
Dilipkumar Mansukhlal Gandhi (born 9 May 1951) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party. He is a current member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India.
David George Boschert (July 30, 1947 – June 30, 2011) was an American politician. Boschert was most recently a Republican member of the Maryland House of Delegates, representing District 33A in the Maryland General Assembly. During his political career he played roles in both the Republican Party and Democratic Party.
The Legality Movement Party (LMP) ( or PLL) is a right-wing monarchist political party in Albania, led by Shpetim Axhami. It supported the return to power of the House of Zogu under Crown Prince Leka of the Albanians. In the 2001 elections it was part of the Union for Victory ("Bashkimi për Fitoren") coalition which received 37.1% of the vote and 46 members of parliament.
The Reformed Political Party (, SGP) is an orthodox Calvinist political party in the Netherlands. The term "Reformed" is not a reference to political reform but is a synonym for Calvinism—a major branch of Protestantism. The SGP is the oldest political party in the Netherlands in its current form, and has for its entire existence been in opposition. The party has, owing to its orthodox political ideals and its traditional role in the opposition, been called a testimonial party. Since the general election of 2017, it has held 3 of the 150 seats of the House of Representatives.
Eugene Victor Debs (November 5, 1855 – October 20, 1926) was an American socialist, political activist, trade unionist, one of the founding members of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) and five times the candidate of the Socialist Party of America for President of the United States. Through his presidential candidacies as well as his work with labor movements, Debs eventually became one of the best-known socialists living in the United States.
In the United States House of Representatives, the majority leader is elected by U.S. Congressmen in the political party holding the largest number of seats in the House. While the responsibilities vary depending upon the political climate, the Majority Leader of the United States House of Representatives typically sets the floor agenda and oversees the committee chairmen.
The Pirate Party of Belgium (, ) is a political party in Belgium. Based on the model of the Swedish Pirate Party, it supports reform of copyright law, the abolition of patents, and respect for privacy. It was a founding member of Pirate Parties International.
Stuart Irwin Henry (born 21 June 1946), is a former Australian politician, who was elected to the House of Representatives as member for the Division of Hasluck, Western Australia for the Liberal Party of Australia at the 2004 federal election. He was a small business proprietor and farm manager before entering politics.
The Speaker of the House is the presiding officer of the United States House of Representatives. The office was established in 1789 by Article I, Section 2 of the United States Constitution. The Speaker is the political and parliamentary leader of the House of Representatives, and is simultaneously the House's presiding officer, de facto leader of the body's majority party, and the institution's administrative head. Speakers also perform various other administrative and procedural functions. Given these several roles and responsibilities, the Speaker usually does not personally preside over debates. That duty is instead delegated to members of the House from the majority party. Neither does the Speaker regularly participate in floor debates nor vote.
Party for the Netherlands () (PVN) is a Dutch right-wing Fortuynist political party founded in August 2006 by Hilbrand Nawijn, a member of the Dutch House of Representatives.
The direct participation of the monarch and the governor general in areas of governance is limited. In practice, their use of the executive powers is directed by the Cabinet, a committee of ministers of the Crown responsible to the elected House of Commons of Canada and chosen and headed by the prime minister (at present Justin Trudeau), the head of government. The governor general or monarch may, though, in certain crisis situations exercise their power without ministerial advice. To ensure the stability of government, the governor general will usually appoint as prime minister the individual who is the current leader of the political party that can obtain the confidence of a plurality in the House of Commons. The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) is thus one of the most powerful institutions in government, initiating most legislation for parliamentary approval and selecting for appointment by the Crown, besides the aforementioned, the governor general, lieutenant governors, senators, federal court judges, and heads of Crown corporations and government agencies. The leader of the party with the second-most seats usually becomes the leader of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition and is part of an adversarial parliamentary system intended to keep the government in check.
Shiromaniam Madhavan (1944 - 29 June 1994), son of a founding member of the National Federation Party (NFP), was a Fiji Indian politician who served in the Labasa Town Council and the House of Representatives. He contested numerous elections for different political parties.