Texar's Revenge, or, North Against South () is the full title of the English translation of the novel written by the French science-fiction author Jules Verne, and centers on the story of James Burbank, an antislavery northerner living near Jacksonville, Florida, and Texar, a pro-slavery southerner who holds a vendetta against Burbank. Originally published in France in 1887, the book received a tepid reaction upon its release in the United States, partly because of Verne's inexpertise regarding some details of the American Civil War, and has since fallen into obscurity compared to many of Verne's other works.
The Modern Slavery Act 2015 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It is designed to tackle slavery in the UK and consolidates previous offences relating to trafficking and slavery. The act extends to England and Wales. The bill was introduced to the House of Commons in draft form in October 2013 by James Brokenshire, Parliamentary Under Secretary for Crime and Security. The bill's sponsors in the Home Office were Theresa May and Lord Bates. It received Royal Assent and became law on 26 March 2015.
José Ortega Spottorno (November 13, 1916 – February 18, 2002) was a Spanish journalist and publisher. Born in Madrid to famous philosopher José Ortega y Gasset and Rosa Spottorno Topete, José Ortega Spottorno was the founder of affordable paperback publishing firm Alianza Editorial and the Spanish daily newspaper "El País", which quickly became the bestselling Spanish newspaper, a crown it holds to this day. He was survived by his wife, Simone Ortega, and three children, one of whom works as a journalist for "El País".
Enos Bronson (March 31, 1774–April 22, 1823) was an American writer and newspaper publisher. A graduate of Yale College, he became the first head of the newly founded Deerfield Academy.
Courrier International is a Paris-based French weekly newspaper which translates and publishes excerpts of articles from over 900 international newspapers. It also has a Portuguese and a Japanese edition. "Courrier Japon" was launched on 17 November 2005 and is published by Kodansha Limited.
Charles Chauncey Burr (1817–1883) was an American journalist, author, and publisher. A native of Maine, he became an intimate friend of Edgar Allan Poe and his family, and published a number of magazines and newspapers.
Thomas Spottswood Hinde (April 19, 1785 – February 9, 1846) was an American newspaper editor, opponent of slavery, author, historian, real estate investor, Methodist minister and a founder of the city of Mount Carmel, Illinois. Members of the Hinde family were prominent in Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio, and Illinois. His sons Charles T. Hinde became a shipping magnate and Edmund C. Hinde an adventurer. He was the father-in-law of judge Charles H. Constable.
William Cooper Nell (December 16, 1816 – May 25, 1874) was an African-American abolitionist, journalist, publisher, author, and civil servant of Boston, Massachusetts, who worked for integration of schools and public facilities in the state. Writing for abolitionist newspapers "The Liberator" and "The North Star", he helped publicize the anti-slavery cause. He published the "North Star" from 1847 to 18xx, moving temporarily to Rochester, New York.
Sprinzak was elected to the position of speaker of the provisional parliament on 15 July 1948, a role in which he helped lay the foundations of Israel's parliamentarism. He was elected to the first Knesset in 1949 as a member of Mapai, and became the Speaker of the new body. He was re-elected and remained speaker in both the second and third Knessets.
The Ukrainian Association of Press Publishers is the first independent union of publishers in Ukraine, which declared its commitment to advocacy and support of publishing business. The mission of UAPP is to unite publishers of newspapers and magazines in order to create newspaper market based on civilized principles and develop the publishing business by lobbying the common interest and qualified service for every member of Association.
After her death, she became a national American heroine. Her actions were celebrated in a folk ballad and were published in many newspaper and magazine articles in the subsequent decades.
Cambodge Soir was a weekly newspaper published in Cambodia and it was the most important French language Cambodian newspaper of the country. It was edited in Phnom Penh and distributed in different Cambodian provinces, among French speaking foreigners and Cambodians. The newspaper closed down in 2010.
Hicky's Bengal Gazette or the Original Calcutta General Advertiser was an English language weekly newspaper published in Kolkata (then Calcutta), the capital of British India. It was the first newspaper printed in Asia, and was published for two years, before the East India Company seized the newspaper's types and printing press. Founded by James Augustus Hicky, a highly eccentric Irishman who had previously spent two years in jail for debt, the newspaper was a strong critic of the administration of the Governor General Warren Hastings. The newspaper was important for its provocative journalism well before its time and its fight for free expression in India.
NRC Handelsblad (), often abbreviated to NRC, is a daily evening newspaper published in the Netherlands by NRC Media. It is generally accepted as the country's newspaper of record.
Bergensposten is a defunct newspaper published in Bergen, Norway from 1 March 1854 until 1893 when it merged with "Bergens Tidende". The editor at the start was Johannes Steen who later became prime minister of Norway.
The façade of the African Meeting House is an adaptation of a design for a townhouse published by Boston architect Asher Benjamin. In addition to its religious and educational activities, the meeting house became a place for celebrations and political and anti-slavery meetings. The African Meeting House was remodeled by the congregation in the 1850s.
Born in Ottawa, Ontario and educated at the University of Toronto, MacSkimming broke into book publishing in 1964 at Clarke, Irwin and later co-founded New Press, one of Canada's leading small presses of the 1970s. He has been books editor and literary columnist at "The Toronto Star", and has contributed to a number of newspapers and periodicals, including "The Globe and Mail", "The Ottawa Citizen", "Maclean's" and "Saturday Night". MacSkimming has served as publishing officer with the Canada Council for the Arts, and policy director of the Association of Canadian Publishers.
Helen Pitts Douglass (1838–1903) was an American suffragist and abolitionist, known for being the second wife of Frederick Douglass. She also created the Frederick Douglass Memorial and Historical Association.
Le Mauricien is a French-language newspaper, based and distributed in Mauritius. The newspaper, founded in 1908, is released daily and is one of the most read in Mauritius. The publishers, Le Mauricien Ltd., also publish "Week-End", "Week-End Scope" and "Turf Magazine". It is an independent newspaper.
The North Star was a nineteenth - century anti-slavery newspaper published from the Talman Building in Rochester, New York by abolitionist Frederick Douglass. The paper commenced publication on December 3, 1847 and ceased as The North Star in June 1851 when it merged with Gerrit Smith's Liberty Party Paper (based in Syracuse, New York) to form Frederick Douglass' Paper. The North Star's slogan was ``Right is of no Sex -- Truth is of no Color -- God is the Father of us all, and we are all Brethren. ''