Iain Edgar (born 1948) is a social anthropologist at Durham University. He is a leading expert in the field of dreams and dreaming, and a specialist in altered states of consciousness and mental health. Starting his career in social work, Edgar received a PhD from the University of Keele, where he studied under Ronnie Frankenberg. His thesis "Dreamwork, Anthropology and the Caring Professions: A Cultural Approach to Dreamwork" discusses a wide range of psychodynamic possibilities and develops a method to work with dreams within a professional care environment.
Dekha Ek Khwaab (English: "Saw A Dream", Hindi: देखा एक ख़्वाब) was an Indian soap opera that aired on Sony Entertainment Television India and Sony Entertainment Television Asia. The series premiered on 21 November 2011 and went off air on 2 August 2012.
Bioscience Horizons is an online scientific journal which publishes bioscience research. The journal has two aims: a) to publish high-quality research from students, both undergraduate and Masters. b) to enable student authors to directly experience the process of academic publication, as corresponding authors. In 2014, the journal went international, attracting high-quality manuscript submissions from all over the world. Academic reviewers, who are experts in their fields, assess manuscripts as rigorously as they would for other journals. "Bioscience Horizons" is published by a consortium of UK universities in partnership with Oxford University Press and was established in 2008.
There are 16 autonomous Indian Institutes of Technology in addition to 30 National Institutes of Technology which are Government Institutions. In addition to these there are many other Universities which offer higher technical courses. The Authority over technical education in India is the AICTE.
During his career as an instructor for the Political Science Department at Korea University, the authorities sentenced Ko Sung-kuk to 3 years of imprisonment, and to a 3-year suspension of teaching license under the National Security Act on November 27, 1986.
Hardwood Dreams is a 1993 basketball sports documentary written, directed and produced by Michael Tollin and narrated by Wesley Snipes. It follows five Morningside High School (MHS) seniors during their last high school basketball season, as they dream of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Roger E. Kanet is an American professor, author and researcher. Before 1994, his work focused mainly on the Cold War, but now he looks at issues of nationalism and Russian foreign policy. He has been the Associate Vice Chancellor and Chair of the Political Science Department at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and Dean of the School of International Studies at the University of Miami.
Belinda Chang (born 1963) is a Chinese-language author from Taiwan. She graduated from National Taiwan University's Chinese department, and went on to earn a master's degree in performance culture from New York University. After living in the United States for thirteen years, she later relocated to Beijing and then Shanghai.
Glory Johnson (born July 27, 1990) is an American-born Montenegrin basketball forward for the Dallas Wings of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). Born in Colorado Springs, Colorado, she went to Webb School Of Knoxville and played collegiately for the University of Tennessee Lady Vols. She represents the Montenegro national team internationally.
John Darsee obtained his undergraduate education at the University of Notre Dame, then went to medical school at Indiana University, where he received a degree in 1974.
Reed Wickner graduated from Cornell University with a B.A. degree in 1962. He then went to medical school at Georgetown University and received his M.D. degree in 1966. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), the American Academy of Arts and Sciences [(AAAS)], and the American Academy of Microbiology, and has been a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. He is (as of 2012) Chief of the Laboratory of Biochemistry and Genetics at the National Institute of Diabetes & Digestive & Kidney Diseases, part of the National Institutes of Health. His research interests pertain to prions and amyloid diseases.
The National Dream is a 1970 Canadian non-fiction book by Pierre Berton describing the planning and commencement of the Canadian Pacific Railway between 1871 and 1881.
Emil Haraszti (1885 - 1958) was a Hungarian born French music critic and author. He was a director of the National Conservatory of Music in Budapest and was a scholar at the University of Budapest but lived much of his life in France and publishing in French.
The Dream Life of Balso Snell is a 1931 novel by American author Nathanael West. West's first novel, it presents a young man's immature and cynical search for meaning in a series of dreamlike encounters inside the entrails of the Trojan Horse.
Chapter Twelve -- Which dreamed it?: The story ends with Alice recalling the speculation of the Tweedle brothers, that everything may have, in fact, been a dream of the Red King, and that Alice might herself be no more than a figment of his imagination. One final poem is inserted by the author as a sort of epilogue which suggests that life itself is but a dream.
Places I Never Meant to Be is a book edited by Judy Blume and first published in 1999. The book is a collection of short stories written by authors who have been censored or banned in some form in the United States. Sales went to benefit the National Coalition Against Censorship.
Marc H. Ellis (born 1952) is an American author, liberation theologian, and a retired University Professor of Jewish Studies, Professor of History and Director of the Center for Jewish Studies at Baylor University. He is currently visiting professor of several international universities, including the University of Innsbruck, Austria and the United Nations University for Peace, Costa Rica.
Like his father, Pierre Berton worked in Klondike mining camps during his years as a history major at the University of British Columbia, where he also worked on the student paper "The Ubyssey". He spent his early newspaper career in Vancouver, where at 21 he was the youngest city editor on any Canadian daily, replacing editorial staff that had been called up during the Second World War.
Rex Everett Chapman (born October 5, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player. Chapman was a college standout at the University of Kentucky and went on to play for four National Basketball Association (NBA) teams through his 12-year career in the league. He later served as the vice president of player personnel with the Denver Nuggets.
Robert Joseph Schmitz (September 10, 1938 – June 8, 2004) was an American football linebacker who played professionally in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers. Schmitz graduated from New Holstein High School in New Holstein, Wisconsin. He then went on to initially attend college at University of Wisconsin–Madison, then at Montana State University where he earned a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration.