Some titles have a Biblical basis, for instance the title Queen Mother has been given to Mary since she was the mother of Jesus, who was sometimes referred to as the "King of Kings" due to his lineage of King David. The biblical basis for the term Queen can be seen in the Gospel of Luke 1:32 and the Book of Isaiah 9:6, and Queen Mother from 1 Kings 2:19-20 and Jeremiah 13:18-19. Other titles have arisen from reported miracles, special appeals or occasions for calling on Mary, e.g., Our Lady of Good Counsel, Our Lady of Navigators or Our Lady of Ransom who protects captives.
Zhen Zhen () is a female giant panda born on August 3, 2007 to Bai Yun and Gao Gao at the San Diego Zoo. Her name means "Precious". She is Bai Yun's fourth cub, and Gao Gao's third. Zhen Zhen has one half sibling, Hua Mei, and four full siblings, Mei Sheng, Su Lin, Yun Zi, and Xiao Liwu. Like her full siblings, Zhen Zhen was conceived via natural mating.
Xiao Zixian's grandfather was Xiao Daocheng (Emperor Gao of Southern Qi), and his father was Emperor Gao's second son Xiao Ni the Prince of Yuzhang.
Qin Zhong or Zhong of Qin (, died 822 BC) was the fourth ruler of the state of Qin (r. 844 to 822 BC) during China's Zhou dynasty. Qin at the time was a small fief that had been granted to his great-grandfather Feizi for his work breeding horses for King Xiao of Zhou. Qin Zhong succeeded his father Gongbo, who died in 845 BC. Their ancestral name was Ying ().
Xiao Shan Going Home () is a Chinese featurette directed by Jia Zhangke. The film, running around one hour in length, was made by Jia while he was attending the Beijing Film Academy and stars his friend, classmate, and now frequent collaborator, Wang Hongwei in the titular role.
Emperor Yuan of Liang () (16 September 508 – 27 January 555), personal name Xiao Yi (蕭繹), courtesy name Shicheng (世誠), nickname Qifu (七符), was an emperor of the Chinese Liang Dynasty. After his father Emperor Wu and brother Emperor Jianwen were successively taken hostage and controlled by the rebel general Hou Jing, Xiao Yi was largely viewed as the "de facto" leader of Liang, and after defeating Hou in 552 declared himself emperor. In 554, after offending Yuwen Tai, the paramount general of rival Western Wei, Western Wei forces descended on and captured his capital Jiangling (江陵, in modern Jingzhou, Hubei), executing him and instead declaring his nephew Xiao Cha (Emperor Xuan) the Emperor of Liang.
Emperor Ming died in 472, and was succeeded by his son Liu Yu (Emperor Houfei). Because Liu Zhun, as the emperor's brother, carried the title of Prince of Ancheng, Consort Chen was honored as the Princess Dowager of Ancheng. After the impulsive and violent Emperor Houfei was assassinated in 477, the general Xiao Daocheng effectively took over the government and made Liu Zhun a puppet emperor. Consort Chen, as the emperor's mother, was honored as "Consort Dowager" (皇太妃) but not as empress dowager—that title belonged to Emperor Ming's wife Empress Wang. Xiao forced Emperor Shun to yield the throne to him in 479, ending Liu Song and starting Southern Qi, and Emperor Shun was created the Prince of Ruyin. Accordingly, Consort Chen became known as the Princess Dowager of Ruyin. Later that year, the former Emperor Shun was killed by soldiers who were supposed to protect him, and Xiao then ordered a general killing of the Liu clan. It appeared unlikely that Consort Chen would have been killed in the slaughter, although it is not known when she died.
During the Arab-Israeli War of 1967, the Israeli Army was equipped with a large number of SS.11s supplied by France. SS.11 saw action in 1967 during Six-Day War, for instance during the battle of Abu-Ageila.
In systems analysis, a one - to - many relationship is a type of cardinality that refers to the relationship between two entities (see also entity -- relationship model) A and B in which an element of A may be linked to many elements of B, but a member of B is linked to only one element of A. For instance, think of A as mothers, and B as children. A mother can have several children, but a child can have only one biological mother.
We Are Acid Mothers Afrirampo! is an album by members of Afrirampo and Acid Mothers Temple, under the band name Acid Mothers Afrirampo.
Designed for urban environments and around an extrapolation of the P.U.M.A. prototype announced by GM and Segway in 2009, the EN-V was unveiled at the joint GM & SAIC pavilion at the Expo 2010 in Shanghai from 1 May through 31 October 2010. Three different vehicles are showcased, 笑 "Xiao" (Laugh), 骄 "Jiao" (Pride) and 妙 "Miao" (Magic).
Xiao Liwu is the sixth cub born to his mother Bai Yun, and the fifth for his father Gao Gao. He has one half-sister, Hua Mei, through Bai Yun. He also has two full brothers, Mei Sheng and Yun Zi, and two full sisters, Su Lin and Zhen Zhen. Like his full siblings, he was conceived via natural mating.
Yuan Can (420–477), originally named Yuan Minsun, courtesy name Jingqian, was a high-level official of the Liu Song dynasty who, near the end of the dynasty, made a futile attempt to prevent the general Xiao Daocheng from gaining sufficient power to take the throne.
The Brazilian team played until the quarter - finals, where they were defeated by France, finishing the tournament in the fifth place -- for the third time in history (1954 and 1986 were the previous instances).
Bai Yun (; born September 7, 1991) is a female giant panda sheltered at the San Diego Zoo. Bai Yun was the first successful birth of a giant panda at the Wolong Giant Panda Research Center in China. She has been at the San Diego Zoo since September 10, 1996. Bai Yun gave birth to her sixth cub in 2012 since arriving at the San Diego Zoo, considered the most surviving pandas born at a breeding facility outside of native China. Bai Yun returned to China with her sixth cub in May, 2019, as the 23-year conservation loan of the pandas came to an end between China and San Diego Zoo Global.
Xiao Zixian (, 489–537), courtesy name Jingyang (景陽), formally Viscount Jiao of Ningdu (寧都驕子), was a historian and author, best known for producing the "Book of Qi".
Xiao Shuxian (Simplified Chinese: 萧淑娴; Traditional Chinese: 蕭淑嫻; Pinyin: Xiāo Shúxián; sometimes spelled Hsiao Shu-sien) (4 April 1905 in Tianjin – 26 November 1991 in Beijing) was a Chinese composer and music educator.
No constitutional provision or federal law requires electors to vote according to the results of their state's popular vote, though some states bind their electors to their pledges by state law. Historically, there have been only a few instances of ``faithless electors ''casting their ballots for a candidate to whom they were not pledged, and such instances have never resulted in changing the final outcome of a presidential election. The popular vote does not declare the presidency but the Electoral College vote does. Even if the popular vote goes to one candidate, another may win the electoral vote and the presidency, as has happened in 1876, 1888, 2000 and 2016.
The Duluth Superior Symphony Orchestra (DSSO) is an American orchestra based in Duluth, Minnesota. Founded in 1932 as the Duluth Civic Orchestra, it became the city's first permanent symphony orchestra. In 2000, it performed the North American premiere of "Spring Symphony" by Chinese composer Xiao-Gang Ye. Since 1966, the DSSO has performed at the Duluth Entertainment Convention Center (DECC) Auditorium. The orchestra's season runs from September to May each year.
Gongbo (, died 845 BC) was the third ruler of the ancient Chinese state of Qin, founded when his grandfather Feizi was granted a small fief at Qin by King Xiao of Zhou. Gongbo succeeded his father, the Marquis of Qin, who died in 848 BC, and ruled for three years. He died in 845 BC and was succeeded by his son Qin Zhong.