The film version was released in 1971, directed and produced by Norman Jewison, and Stein adapted his own book for the screenplay. The casting of Chaim Topol over Zero Mostel for the role of Tevye caused controversy at first. The film received mostly positive reviews from film critics and became the highest - grossing film of 1971. Fiddler received eight Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Jewison, Best Actor in a Leading Role for Topol, and Best Actor in a Supporting Role for Leonard Frey (as Motel; in the original Broadway production, Frey was the rabbi's son). It won three, including best score / adaptation for arranger - conductor John Williams.
At the 83rd Academy Awards, "The King's Speech" won the Academy Award for Best Picture, Best Director (Hooper), Best Actor (Firth), and Best Original Screenplay (Seidler). The film had received 12 Oscar nominations, more than any other film in that year. Besides the four categories it won, the film received nominations for Best Cinematography (Danny Cohen) and two for the supporting actors (Bonham Carter and Rush), as well as two for its mise-en-scène: Art Direction and Costumes.
The film premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, where Mungiu won the award for Best Screenplay, and Flutur and Stratan shared the award for Best Actress. It was selected as the Romanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards, making the January shortlist.
Million Dollar Baby received the award for Best Picture of 2004 at the 77th Academy Awards. Clint Eastwood was awarded his second Best Director Oscar for the film, and also received a Best Actor in a Leading Role nomination. Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman received Best Actress in a Leading Role and Best Actor in a Supporting Role Oscars, respectively. Joel Cox, Eastwood's editor for many years, was nominated for Best Film Editing, and Paul Haggis was nominated for the Best Adapted Screenplay award. The film was named the third ``Best Film of the 21st Century So Far ''in 2017 by The New York Times.
As of 2018, 41 actors and actresses have received two or more Academy Awards in acting categories. Katharine Hepburn leads the way with four Best Actress awards. Five have won three Academy Awards: Ingrid Bergman (two Best Actress awards and one Best Supporting Actress award), Walter Brennan (three Best Supporting Actor awards), Jack Nicholson (two Best Actor awards and one Best Supporting Actor award), Meryl Streep (two Best Actress awards and one Best Supporting Actress award), and Daniel Day - Lewis (three Best Actor awards). Brennan was the first to receive three or more Academy Awards in 1940, followed by Hepburn in 1968, Bergman in 1974, Nicholson in 1997, Streep in 2011, and most recently Day - Lewis in 2012. Of the six, only Nicholson, Streep, and Day - Lewis are still living.
The film was directed by Mike Nichols (his final film) and written by Aaron Sorkin, who adapted George Crile III's 2003 book Charlie Wilson's War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History. Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts, and Philip Seymour Hoffman starred, with Amy Adams and Ned Beatty in supporting roles. It was nominated for five Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, but did not win in any category. Hoffman was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
The film was released in North America on December 25, 2008 to positive reviews. The film went on to receive thirteen Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Fincher, Best Actor for Pitt, and Best Supporting Actress for Taraji P. Henson, and won three, for Best Art Direction, Best Makeup, and Best Visual Effects.
Inglourious Basterds grossed over $321 million in theaters worldwide, making it Tarantino's highest-grossing film until the release of Django Unchained (2012); it remains his second-highest-grossing film. It received multiple awards and nominations, among them eight Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Original Screenplay. For his role as Landa, Waltz won the Cannes Film Festival's Best Actor Award, as well as the BAFTA, Screen Actors Guild, Golden Globe, and Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Year (Ceremony) Actor / Actress Category Film title used in nomination Result 1938 (11th) Fay Bainter Best Actress White Banners Nominated Best Supporting Actress Jezebel Academy Award! Won 1942 (15th) Teresa Wright Best Actress The Pride of the Yankees Nominated Best Supporting Actress Mrs. Miniver Academy Award! Won 1944 (17th) Barry Fitzgerald Best Actor Going My Way Nominated Best Supporting Actor Academy Award! Won 1982 (55th) Jessica Lange Best Actress Frances Nominated Best Supporting Actress Tootsie Academy Award! Won 1988 (61st) Sigourney Weaver Best Actress Gorillas in the Mist Nominated Best Supporting Actress Working Girl Nominated 1992 (65th) Al Pacino Best Actor Scent of a Woman Academy Award! Won Best Supporting Actor Glengarry Glen Ross Nominated 1993 (66th) Holly Hunter Best Actress The Piano Academy Award! Won Best Supporting Actress The Firm Nominated Emma Thompson Best Actress The Remains of the Day Nominated Best Supporting Actress In the Name of the Father Nominated 2002 (75th) Julianne Moore Best Actress Far from Heaven Nominated Best Supporting Actress The Hours Nominated (77th) Jamie Foxx Best Actor Ray Academy Award! Won Best Supporting Actor Collateral Nominated 2007 (80th) Cate Blanchett Best Actress Elizabeth: The Golden Age Nominated Best Supporting Actress I'm Not There Nominated
François Bégaudeau (; born 27 April 1971) is a French writer, journalist, and actor. He is best known for co-writing and starring in "Entre les murs" (2008), a film based on his 2006 novel of the same name. The film won the Palme d'Or at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival and received an Academy Award nomination for Best Foreign Language Film in 2009.
Andrew Scott (born October 21, 1976) is an Irish film, television, and stage actor. In 2010, he achieved widespread recognition playing the role of Jim Moriarty in the BBC series Sherlock, a dramatic role which continued until 2017. In 2017 he won acclaim playing the title role of Hamlet in a production first staged at the Almeida Theatre, directed by Robert Icke, and for which he has been nominated for a 2018 Olivier Award for Best Actor.
Heureux Anniversaire (also known as "Happy Anniversary") is a 1962 French short comedy film directed by Pierre Étaix. It won an Oscar in 1963 for Best Short Subject.
Philip Seymour Hoffman -- Capote as Truman Capote Terrence Howard -- Hustle & Flow as DJay Heath Ledger -- Brokeback Mountain as Ennis Del Mar Joaquin Phoenix -- Walk the Line as Johnny Cash David Strathairn -- Good Night, and Good Luck as Edward R. Murrow
Allen and his sister Jody Allen together were the owners and executive producers of Vulcan Productions, a television and film production company headquartered in Seattle within the entertainment division of Vulcan Inc. Their films have received various recognition, ranging from a Peabody to Independent Spirit Awards, Grammys and Emmys. In 2014 alone, Allen's film, "We The Economy," won 12 awards including a Webby award for best Online News & Politics Series. The films have also been nominated for Golden Globes and Academy Awards among many others. Vulcan Productions' films and documentary projects include "Far from Heaven" (2002), "Hard Candy" (2005), "Rx for Survival: A Global Health Challenge" (2005), "Where God Left His Shoes" (2006), "" (2007), "This Emotional Life" (2010), "We The Economy" (2014) "Racing Extinction" (2015) and Oscar-nominated "Body Team 12" (2015).
45 Years is a 2015 British romantic drama film directed and written by Andrew Haigh. The film is based on the short story "In Another Country" by David Constantine. The film premiered in the main competition section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival. Charlotte Rampling won the Silver Bear for Best Actress and Tom Courtenay won the Silver Bear for Best Actor. At the 88th Academy Awards, Rampling received a nomination for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
Year Nominated work Category Result 1988 Cry Freedom Best Supporting Actor Nominated 1990 Glory Best Supporting Actor Won 1993 Malcolm X Best Actor Nominated 2000 The Hurricane Best Actor Nominated 2002 Training Day Best Actor Won 2013 Flight Best Actor Nominated 2017 Fences Best Actor Nominated Best Picture Nominated
Released theatrically by 20th Century Fox in June 1976, "The Omen" received acclaim from critics and was a commercial success, grossing over $60 million at the box office and becoming one of the highest-grossing films of 1976. The film earned two Oscar nominations, and won for Best Original Score for Jerry Goldsmith, his only Oscar win. A scene from the film appeared at #16 on Bravo's The 100 Scariest Movie Moments. The film spawned a franchise, starting with "", released two years later, and followed by a third installment, "", in 1981. A remake was released in 2006.
The winners were announced during the awards ceremony on February 26, 2012. The Artist was the second silent feature to win Best Picture. The 1927 film Wings was the first such film to achieve this distinction at the inaugural awards ceremony in 1929. Moreover, it was also the first black - and - white feature to win Best Picture since 1993's Schindler's List. Best Actor winner Jean Dujardin became the first French actor to win an Oscar. With her latest win for Best Actress, Meryl Streep became the fifth performer to win at least three acting Oscars. At age 82, Best Supporting Actor winner Christopher Plummer also made Oscar history by becoming the oldest ever performer to win a competitive acting Oscar.
It's Kind of a Funny Story is a 2006 novel by American author Ned Vizzini. The book was inspired by Vizzini's own brief hospitalization for depression in November 2004. Ned Vizzini later committed suicide on December 19, 2013. The book received recognition as a 2007 Best Book for Young Adults from the American Library Association.
Damon and Ben Affleck wrote "Good Will Hunting" (1997), a screenplay about a young math genius, which received nine Academy Awards nominations, earning Damon and Affleck Oscars and Golden Globes for Best Screenplay. Damon was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for the same film. Since then he has received dozens of nominations and awards for his work as an actor, screenwriter, and producer including the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his role in "The Martian".