Liz is the class pet Jackson's chameleon who goes on most of the field trips with Ms. Frizzle and the students, often getting herself into dangerous comedic situations. She appears to get jealous when the bus receives more attention than she does. In the episode ``Gets Ants In Its Pants '', she is visibly annoyed and disappointed when she does not get the recognition she deserves.
The film was directed by Mike Nichols (his final film) and written by Aaron Sorkin, who adapted George Crile III's 2003 book Charlie Wilson's War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History. Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts, and Philip Seymour Hoffman starred, with Amy Adams and Ned Beatty in supporting roles. It was nominated for five Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, but did not win in any category. Hoffman was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
One night, as they sleep, the delusional Captain Benson wanders away from the boys and into the jungle, eventually making his way to a cave deep inland. Jack brings all of his hunters to hunt in the jungle, leaving no one watching the fire. The fire goes out, preventing a passing helicopter from noticing them. Ralph blames Jack for failing to keep it going. During the ensuing fight, Jack, tired of listening to Ralph and Piggy, leaves and forms his own camp, taking many of the boys with him. As more and more boys defect to Jack's side, one of the younger boys, Larry, finds Captain Benson in the cave, mistakes him for a monster and stabs him, and then tells the other boys. Jack and his second - in - command Roger (Gary Rule) then go to the cave's entrance and mistakes Captain Benson's dying groans for the sounds of a monster.
The Fairmile C motor gun boat was a type of Motor Gun Boat designed by Norman Hart of Fairmile Marine for the Royal Navy. An intermediate design, twenty-four boats were built in 1941 receiving the designations MGB 312 - 335.
Jack Goes Boating is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (in his only career directorial effort) and stars Hoffman in the title role, as well as Amy Ryan, John Ortiz and Daphne Rubin-Vega. The film's script was written by Robert Glaudini, based on his 2007 play "Jack Goes Boating". The film's cast was mostly the same as the cast of the play's premiere at The Public Theater, although Amy Ryan replaced Beth Cole. The film was produced by Overture Films and Relativity Media. It premiered at the 26th Sundance Film Festival and was later released in the United States on September 17, 2010.
Information Received is a 1961 British crime film directed by Robert Lynn and starring Sabine Sesselmann, William Sylvester and Hermione Baddeley. In the film, a police detective goes undercover to infiltrate a safe-breaking outfit.
Kerry received his second Purple Heart for a wound received in action on the Bồ Đề River on February 20, 1969. The plan had been for the Swift boats to be accompanied by support helicopters. On the way up the Bo De, however, the helicopters were attacked. As the Swift boats reached the Cửa Lớn River, Kerry's boat was hit by a B-40 rocket (rocket propelled grenade round), and a piece of shrapnel hit Kerry's left leg, wounding him. Thereafter, enemy fire ceased and his boat reached the Gulf of Thailand safely. Kerry continues to have shrapnel embedded in his left thigh because the doctors that first treated him decided to remove the damaged tissue and close the wound with sutures rather than make a wide opening to remove the shrapnel. Though wounded like several others earlier that day, Kerry did not lose any time off from duty.
The IEEE Ernst Weber Engineering Leadership Recognition, now called the IEEE Ernst Weber Managerial Leadership Award, was established by the Board of Directors of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 1985. This award is presented "for exceptional managerial leadership in the fields of interest to the IEEE". Recipients of this award will receive a certificate and a crystal sculpture.
Jack Agüeros (September 2, 1934 – May 4, 2014) was an American community activist, poet, writer, and translator, and the former director of El Museo del Barrio.
George Eads as Jack Dalton: Mac's partner in the field and a former Delta Force soldier. Jack's history with Mac goes back to his days in the Army and unlike Mac, he is not afraid to use guns in the field. He also has history with Riley, because he was once in a relationship with her mother and had an altercation with her abusive father. While mostly easy - going and laid - back, Jack can get serious when the situation calls for it and often calls upon his special forces training to help the team get out of a tight spot.
Julie finds an article mentioning Susie's father, Ben Willis, and realizes that Ben was the man they ran over, moments after he had killed David to avenge his daughter. She then goes to the docks to tell Ray, but he refuses to believe her. Julie notices Ray's boat is called Billy Blue and runs away. Ben appears, knocking Ray unconscious, and invites Julie to hide on his boat. On the boat, she finds photos and articles about her friends and her, and pictures of Susie. Ben's boat leaves the docks, and he begins tormenting Julie, chasing her below deck; there, she uncovers the bodies of Helen and Barry in the boat's ice box. Ray regains consciousness and steals a motorboat to rescue Julie. He ultimately uses the rigging to sever Ben's hand and send him overboard. When the police question them, they deny knowing why Ben attempted to kill them, but they are relieved not to have actually killed anybody the previous summer, and reconcile.
The fifth season of Samurai Jack is the final season of the animated series. This season of Samurai Jack follows Jack on a journey that concludes his story. It premiered on the Toonami programming block of Adult Swim on March 11, 2017 and concluded its run on May 20, 2017. The announcement of the season came in December 2015, eleven years since the series was originally concluded on Cartoon Network. Genndy Tartakovsky, the series' creator, returned as a director, writer, and storyboarder for this season. The season received universal acclaim from critics, praising it for its more intense and mature tone.
Adélie Land ("French: Terre Adélie") is a claimed territory on the continent of Antarctica. It stretches from a coastline area along the Great Southern Ocean inland all the way to the South Pole. France administrates it as one of five districts of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands since 1955 and apply the Antarctic Treaty System rules since 1961. Article 4 deals with territorial claims, and although it does not renounce or diminish any preexisting claims to sovereignty, it also does not prejudice the position of Contracting Parties in their recognition or non-recognition of territorial sovereignty. France has had a permanent station in Adélie Land since April 9, 1950. The current Dumont d'Urville Station has a winter population around 33, but this goes up to about 78 during the Antarctic summer.
Jacqueline, Baroness Fontyn (born 27 December 1930) is a contemporary Belgian composer, pianist and music educator. She was born in Antwerp, and has received the title of baroness from the King of Belgium in recognition of her many artistic contributions.
Rhythm Thief is a 1994 low budget independent feature film made in New York City’s Lower East Side that was awarded a Special Jury Recognition for Directing at the Sundance Film Festival and was called “Inventive, exciting, original” by director Martin Scorsese.
Jack L. Davis (born August 13, 1950) is Carl W. Blegen Professor of Greek Archaeology at the University of Cincinnati in Ohio and is a former Director of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens.
Julie finds an article mentioning Susie's father, Ben Willis, and realizes it is Ben they ran over, moments after he had killed David to avenge his daughter. She then goes to the docks to tell Ray, but he refuses to believe her. Julie notices Ray's boat is called Billy Blue and runs away before Ray can explain that he went to see Missy to relieve his conscience. Ben appears, knocks Ray out, and invites Julie to hide on his boat. Looking around, she finds photos and articles about her friends and her, and pictures of Susie. Ben's boat leaves the docks, as Ray regains consciousness and steals a motorboat to rescue Julie, who is being chased all around Ben's boat. Ray ultimately uses the rigging to sever Ben's hook - carrying hand and send him overboard. When the police question them, they deny knowing why Ben attempted to kill them, but they are relieved not to have actually killed anybody the previous summer, and reconcile.
Jack Russells are an energetic breed that rely on a high level of exercise and stimulation and are relatively free from serious health complaints. Originating from dogs bred and used by Reverend John Russell in the early 19th century, from whom the breed takes its name, the Jack Russell has similar origins to the modern Fox terrier. It has gone through several changes over the years, corresponding to different use and breed standards set by kennel clubs. Recognition by kennel clubs for the Jack Russell breed has been opposed by the breed's parent societies -- which resulted in the breeding and recognition of the Parson Russell terrier. Jack Russells have appeared many times in film, television, and print -- with several historical dogs of note.
The Frog is a 1937 British crime film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Noah Beery, Jack Hawkins and Richard Ainley. The film is about the police chasing a criminal mastermind who goes by the name of The Frog. It was based on a novel by Edgar Wallace. It was followed by a loose sequel "The Return of the Frog", the following year.
Enrique Gómez (1916–1955) was a Spanish screenwriter and film director. Gómez was a Catalan from Barcelona, who directed eleven feature films between 1945 and 1954, including the bullfighting saga "The Party Goes On" (1948), before his career was ended by his early death.