Davidson is a suburb of northern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Davidson is located 20 kilometres north-east of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of Northern Beaches Council. Davidson is considered to be part of the Forest District, colloquially known as "The Forest", which is part of the Northern Beaches area of Sydney. It is known to be the smallest suburb of the Northern beaches, while also being isolated, quiet, and primary known as a residential area with beautiful parks, bush walks and views of the city.
Arenal Volcano Emergency Forest Reserve is a Forest Reserve, part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area, in the northern part of Costa Rica in the emergency zone of the Arenal Volcano. It was created in 1972 covering an area of forest, and there are no public facilities at the reserve.
The Occupation of Gori was the military occupation of Gori and its surrounding areas by Russian military forces, which started on 13 August 2008 as part of the Russo-Georgian War, and ended with the withdrawal of Russian units from the city on 22 August 2008.
The Russian Far East (Russian: Дальний Восток России, tr. Dal'niy Vostok Rossii; IPA: (ˈdaljnjɪj vɐˈstok rɐˈsjiɪ)) is the Russian part of the Far East, i.e. the extreme east parts of Russia, between Lake Baikal in Eastern Siberia and the Pacific Ocean. The Far Eastern Federal District, which covers this area, borders with the Siberian Federal District to the west. The Far Eastern Federal District has land borders with the People's Republic of China and North Korea to the south west and maritime borders with Japan and the United States. Although traditionally considered part of Siberia, the Russian Far East is categorized separately from Siberia in Russian regional schemes (and previously during the Soviet era when it was called the Soviet Far East).
Mizugaki is a climbing area in Japan, located in the northern part of the Yamanashi Prefecture. The forest of Mizugaki is owned by the Emperor of Japan.
The Dr. Erich Salomon Award (Dr.-Erich-Salomon-Preis), dedicated to Erich Salomon, is a lifetime achievement award for photojournalists given by the German Society for Photography (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Photographie, DGPh).
Gerd Ludwig (birth name Gerhard Erich Ludwig, born March 17, 1947 in Alsfeld, Hesse, Germany) is a German-American documentary photographer and photojournalist.
The K-456 "Tver" is a Russian Oscar class SSGN of the Russian Navy. It was commissioned in 1991 as part of the Russian Northern Fleet and was transferred to the Russian Pacific Fleet in September 1993. The submarine is currently based at the Rybachiy Nuclear Submarine Base, in Vilyuchinsk, near Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
Pomors are distinguished by the presence of Y Haplogroup N among them. Postulated to originate from southeast Asia, it is found at high rates in Uralic peoples. Its presence in Pomors (called "Northern Russians" in the report) attests to the non-Slavic tribes (mixing with Finnic tribes of northern Eurasia). Autosomally, Russians are generally similar to populations in central-eastern Europe but some northern Russians are intermediate to Finno-Ugric groups.
The Battle of Sinop, or the Battle of Sinope, was a Russian naval victory over the Ottoman Empire during the Crimean War that took place on 30 November 1853 at Sinop, a sea port in northern Anatolia, when a squadron of Imperial Russian warships struck and defeated a squadron of Ottoman ships anchored in the harbor. The battle was a contributing factor to bringing France and Britain into the conflict. It is commemorated in Russia as a Day of Military Honour.
Erich Zakowski (born 25 November 1934 in East Prussia) is a German master mechanic, and the founder and longtime head of the Zakspeed racing team.
North American telephone area codes 715 and 534 are state of Wisconsin area codes covering most of the northern part of the state.
El Granada is a census-designated place (CDP) in the coastal area of northern San Mateo County, California, United States. The population was 5,467 at the 2010 census.
Lemmon Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Washoe County, Nevada, United States. The population was 5,040 at the 2010 census. It is a northern suburb of the city of Reno and is part of the Reno–Sparks Metropolitan Statistical Area. Prior to 2010 it was listed by the U.S. Census Bureau as part of the Lemmon Valley–Golden Valley CDP.
Of the territories of Poland annexed by the Soviet Union between 1939 and 1940, the region around Białystok and a minor part of Galicia east of the San river around Przemyśl were returned to the Polish state at the end of World War II. Of all other territories annexed by the USSR in 1939–40, the ones detached from Finland (Karelia, Petsamo), Estonia (Ingrian area and Petseri County) and Latvia (Abrene) remained part of the Russian Federation, the successor state of the Soviet Union, after 1991. Northern Bukovina, Southern Bessarabia and Hertza remain part of Ukraine.
Munyonyo is an area on the northern shores of Lake Victoria and part of the metropolitan area of Kampala, in Makindye Division. Kampala is the capital and largest city of Uganda.
Aadorp is a village on the northern side of Almelo, Netherlands with a population of about 1500; it has been part of the Almelo municipality since 2001. The villagers of Aadorp are very close, since there are so few of them. The central meeting point in Aadorp is the Aahoes, which consists of a meeting hall, and a small barbershop. Also, Aadorp has recreation areas including soccer fields and more. For anything else Aadorp villagers must go to one of the neighboring towns.
On April 17, 1946, the Kaliningrad Oblast — the northern portion of the former German province of East Prussia—was annexed by the Soviet Union and made part of the Russian SFSR.
Golden Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Washoe County, Nevada, United States. The population was 1,556 at the 2010 census. It is a northern suburb of the city of Reno and is part of the Reno–Sparks Metropolitan Statistical Area. Prior to 2010, it was listed by the U.S. Census Bureau as part of the Lemmon Valley–Golden Valley CDP.
After the expulsion of the German population ethnic Russians, Belarusians, and Ukrainians were settled in the northern part. In the Soviet part of the region, a policy of eliminating all remnants of German history was pursued. All German place names were replaced by new Russian names. The exclave was a military zone, which was closed to foreigners; Soviet citizens could only enter with special permission. In 1967 the remnants of Königsberg Castle were demolished on the orders of Leonid Brezhnev to make way for a new "House of the Soviets".