Westminster Abbey is a collegiate church governed by the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, as established by Royal charter of Queen Elizabeth I in 1560, which created it as the Collegiate Church of St Peter Westminster and a Royal Peculiar under the personal jurisdiction of the Sovereign. The members of the Chapter are the Dean and four canons residentiary, assisted by the Receiver General and Chapter Clerk. One of the canons is also Rector of St Margaret's Church, Westminster, and often holds also the post of Chaplain to the Speaker of the House of Commons.
Since the coronations in 1066 of both King Harold and William the Conqueror, coronations of English and British monarchs were held in the abbey. In 1216, Henry III was unable to be crowned in London when he first came to the throne, because the French prince Louis had taken control of the city, and so the king was crowned in Gloucester Cathedral. This coronation was deemed by the Pope to be improper, and a further coronation was held in the abbey on 17 May 1220. The Archbishop of Canterbury is the traditional cleric in the coronation ceremony.[citation needed]
The Carlinville Chapter House is a historic building located at 111 S. Charles St. in Carlinville, Illinois. The building was constructed between 1909 and 1910 as a meetinghouse for Carlinville's chapter of the American Woman's League. The American Woman's League was a political and social organization founded by magazine publisher Edward Gardner Lewis in 1908. The organization was created to promote feminist causes, particularly the women's suffrage movement; Lewis also intended for the organization to promote and sell his women's magazines. Lewis commissioned the St. Louis architectural firm of Helfensteller, Hirsch & Watson to design five classes of buildings which the League would use as meetinghouses. The Carlinville Chapter House is an example of a Class I building, which was designed for clubs with 30 to 60 members. The building was designed in the Prairie School style and cost $1,200. After the club disbanded, the building was converted to a private home.
The Nicholas Carriger Estate (16-acre) is a collection of buildings located in Sonoma, California, United States. The estate consists of three buildings: the main house built in 1847, a small house, which is a replica of the main house, built in 1860, and a winery, built in 1875. The main house and the Little Carriger house fall in the architectural Greek revival style. There also is a locally quarried "candy rock" stone small building next to the main house that may have been used as an ice house. The everflowing Yulupa Spring, which supplied water to the houses and is still flowing, is a short walk along a hillside pathway from the main house. In 1979 the estate was designated a California Historical Landmark, and in 2001, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Harris Switch Tower, also known as HG Tower or Harris Tower, is an interlocking tower in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania in the United States. The tower was built in 1929 by the Pennsylvania Railroad and remained in operation until it was closed in 1991 by Amtrak. Harris was purchased by the local chapter of the National Railway Historical Society in 1992 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The John C. Sharp House, located off Utah 36 in Vernon, Utah, is an Italianate house that was built in 1888.
Grantham House is a town house, built in 1380, which is owned by the National Trust. It is located in Grantham, Lincolnshire, England.
Grand Army of the Republic Hall is a historic clubhouse building located at Johnstown, Cambria County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1893, and is a three-story brick building with a flat roof, three bays by seven bays. The front facade features two carved stone insets with a cannon and crossed sword motif. It was built by the local chapter of the Grand Army of the Republic and later converted to offices. The building was damaged in the Flood of 1977.
"Os Dez Mandamentos" is the first telenovela based on a biblical story, both in Brazil and in the World television. The initial expectation is 150 chapters, with external recordings in the Atacama Desert in Chile, as well as recordings in Guarapuava, Paraná. Some of the special effects is produced by a studio in Hollywood. Considered the most expensive production in the history of the station, has an estimated cost of R$700,000 per chapter. Twenty eight scenarios and a scenographic city with more than seven thousand square meters were built, where the cities of the Hebrews and Egyptians are reproduced. For recording, Arri Alexa's digital cameras were used.
The Benjamin C. Wilder House is an historic house at 1267 Main Street (Maine State Route 164) in Washburn, Maine. Built about 1852, it is a well-preserved example of mid-19th century vernacular architecture in northern Aroostook County, built in the first decade after widespread settlement began of the area. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It is now owned by the local Salmon Brook Historical Society and operated as a historic house museum.
The houses at 208–218 East 78th Street in Manhattan, New York, United States, are a group of six attached brick rowhouses built during the early 1860s. They are the remnant of 15 built along that street as affordable housing when the Upper East Side was just beginning to be developed.
John W. Ferguson House was located in Paterson, Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. The house was built in 1906 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 23, 1980. The house was demolished in September 1988.
The chapter house was built concurrently with the east parts of the abbey under Henry III, between about 1245 and 1253. It was restored by Sir George Gilbert Scott in 1872. The entrance is approached from the east cloister walk and includes a double doorway with a large tympanum above.
The Irving McDonald House at 191 Booker in Tonopah, Nevada, United States, is a historic stone house that was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
A Crown of Swords is a fantasy novel by American author Robert Jordan, the seventh book of "The Wheel of Time". It was published by Tor Books and released on May 15, 1996. "A Crown of Swords" consists of a prologue and 41 chapters.
The British royal family is financed mainly by the hereditary revenues of the Crown. The British Parliament uses a percentage of the Crown Estate, a part of the Crown's hereditary revenues belonging to the sovereign that is placed at the disposal of the House of Commons, to meet the costs of the sovereign's official expenditures. This includes the costs of the upkeep of the various royal residences, staffing, travel and state visits, public engagements, and official entertainment. Other sources of income include revenues from the Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall, a parliamentary annuity, and income from private investments. The Keeper of the Privy Purse is Head of the Privy Purse and Treasurer's Office and has overall responsibility for the management of the sovereign's financial affairs.
Allandale is a historic house in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was built by prominent brewer Enoch Turner in 1856 on Sherbourne Street just north of Dundas St.. When it was built this was the fringe of the town, and the house is rural in appearance with a style common to rural Ontario in this period. The house was named after William Allan, who had owned the large Moss Park estate upon which the house was built.
Ready Player One is a 2011 LitRPG science fiction novel, and the debut novel of American author Ernest Cline. The story, set in a dystopian 2040s, follows protagonist Wade Watts on his search for an Easter egg in a worldwide virtual reality game, the discovery of which will lead him to inherit the game creator's fortune. Cline sold the rights to publish the novel in June 2010, in a bidding war to the Crown Publishing Group (a division of Random House). The book was published on August 16, 2011. An audiobook was released the same day; it was narrated by Wil Wheaton, who was mentioned briefly in one of the chapters. In 2012, the book received an Alex Award from the Young Adult Library Services Association division of the American Library Association and won the 2012 Prometheus Award.
The British royal family is financed by the hereditary revenues of the Crown. The British Parliament uses a percentage of the Crown Estate, a part of the Crown's hereditary revenues belonging to the sovereign that is placed at the disposal of the House of Commons, to meet the costs of the sovereign's official expenditures. This includes the costs of the upkeep of the various royal residences, staffing, travel and state visits, public engagements, and official entertainment. Other sources of income include revenues from the Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall, a parliamentary annuity, and income from private investments. The Keeper of the Privy Purse is Head of the Privy Purse and Treasurer's Office and has overall responsibility for the management of the sovereign's financial affairs.
The Four and Twenty Elders Casting their Crowns before the Divine Throne is a pencil drawing and watercolour on paper by the English poet, painter and printmaker William Blake. Created circa 1803–1805, the drawing has been held in London's Tate gallery since 1949. It is likely a visionary and hallucinatory summary of scenes from Chapters 4 and 5 of the Book of Revelation when the throne of God was presented to the prophet Saint John the Divine.