King Harold (voiced by John Cleese) was the king of Far Far Away, husband of Queen Lillian, father of Princess Fiona, and father in - law of Shrek.
Shrek the Halls is an American Christmas computer-animated comedy television special that premiered on the American television network ABC on Wednesday, November 28, 2007. The thirty minute Christmas special was directed by Gary Trousdale and produced by DreamWorks Animation. Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz and Antonio Banderas reprised their roles from the feature films. This Christmas special takes place between "Shrek the Third" and "Shrek Forever After". This television special was based on the children's book "Shrek!" by the writer William Steig, was published on October 17, 1990.
The film's trailer was released on May 19, 2004, and was attached to Shrek 2. The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie opened in theaters on November 19, 2004; its yellow - carpet world premiere was at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood on November 14, 2004. Among celebrities who saw the premiere with their children were Ray Romano, Larry King, Ice Cube, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation's Gary Dourdan and Friends' Lisa Kudrow. The carpet was a disturbing reminder of home for Tom Kenny, SpongeBob's voice actor; he said, ``I have a 15 - month - old daughter, so I'm no stranger to yellow carpets. ''
For their qualifying song, and their first as a group, at judges' houses, One Direction sang an acoustic version of ``Torn ''. In week 1 of the live shows, they performed`` Viva la Vida'' and were safe for the week. Week 2 was ``Musical Heroes ''and One Direction sang`` My Life Would Suck Without You'', which received positive comments from the judges; Minogue called them ``five heartthrobs ''and praised their performance, Cole called them`` cute'', and Cowell said ``You are the most exciting pop band in the country right now. ''They sang`` Nobody Knows'' in week 3 and ``Total Eclipse of the Heart ''in week 4. In week 4, girl band Belle Amie were eliminated, leaving One Direction as Cowell's last remaining act. They sang`` Kids in America'' in week 5, ``Something About the Way You Look Tonight ''in week 6, and`` All You Need Is Love'' in week 7. They were safe each week, never once being in the bottom two. For weeks 8 and 9, they performed ``Summer of 69 ''and`` You Are So Beautiful'' in week 8 and ``Only Girl (in the World) ''and`` Chasing Cars'' in week 9. They were safe both times, making it to the final live show, being the first ever manufactured group to do so. In week 10, they performed ``Your Song ''. After performing`` Torn'' in the final, One Direction finished in third place behind runner - up Rebecca Ferguson and winner Matt Cardle.
Guitar Hero II is a music rhythm game developed by Harmonix, published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane. It is the second installment in the "Guitar Hero" series and is the sequel to "Guitar Hero". It was first released for the PlayStation 2 in November 2006, and then for the Xbox 360 in April 2007, with additional content not originally in the PlayStation 2 version.
Princess Fiona is a fictional main character who serves as the female lead in DreamWorks' animated Shrek film series. She made her first appearance in the first film in the franchise, Shrek (2001), voiced by American actress Cameron Diaz.
Shadow of the Dragon is a 1993 book written by Sherry Garland. It chronicles Danny Vo and Nguyen Sang Le, two ethnic Vietnamese living in Houston; Danny is Americanized while Sang Le has difficulty adjusting to American culture and society.
My Hero Academia: Two Heroes (Japanese: 僕のヒーローアカデミア THE MOVIE ~ 2 人の英雄 (ヒーロー) ~, Hepburn: Boku no Hīrō Academia THE MOVIE: Futari no Hīrō) is a 2018 Japanese anime superhero film based on the manga My Hero Academia by Kōhei Horikoshi. Set between the second and third seasons of the anime series, the film was directed by Kenji Nagasaki and produced by Bones. Anime Expo hosted the film's world premiere on July 5, 2018, and it was later released to theaters in Japan on August 3, 2018.
Shrek! is a picture book published in 1990 by American book writer and cartoonist William Steig, about a repugnant and monstrous green creature who leaves home to see the world and ends up saving a princess. The name "Shrek" is the romanization of the Yiddish word שרעק, corresponding to German "" and meaning "fear" or "fright", but also used as a common exclamation, often in the form "Oy Shrek!".
Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2 is a Lego - themed action - adventure video game developed by Traveller's Tales and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch and Xbox One on 14 November 2017. It is the sequel to Lego Marvel Super Heroes and the third installment of the Lego Marvel franchise.
Mirrorball was a sitcom pilot in the United Kingdom directed by Adrian Edmondson and written by Jennifer Saunders. It originally aired on 22 December 2000.
Heroes of the Storm (HotS) is a multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment for Microsoft Windows and macOS that was released on June 2, 2015. The game features heroes from Blizzard's franchises including Warcraft, Diablo, StarCraft, The Lost Vikings, and Overwatch. The game uses both free - to - play and freemium models and is supported by micropayments, which can be used to purchase heroes, visual alterations for the heroes in the game, and mounts. Blizzard does not call the game a ``multiplayer online battle arena ''or an`` action real - time strategy'' because they feel it is something different with a broader playstyle; they refer to it as an online ``hero brawler ''.
Shrek the Third is a 2007 American computer - animated fantasy comedy film and the third installment in the Shrek franchise, produced by DreamWorks Animation. It is the sequel to 2004's Shrek 2, and is the first in the series to be distributed by Paramount Pictures, which acquired DreamWorks Pictures, the former parent of DreamWorks Animation, in 2006. Chris Miller and Raman Hui directed and co-directed the film, respectively, with the former also co-writing the screenplay with Jeffrey Price, Peter S. Seaman, and Aron Warner. In addition to Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Rupert Everett, Julie Andrews, and John Cleese, who reprise their roles from Shrek 2, the film also features Justin Timberlake in the role of Arthur Pendragon and Eric Idle as Merlin. Harry Gregson - Williams composed the original music for the film. The story takes place eight months after the marriage of Shrek and Fiona in the first film. Reluctantly reigning over the kingdom of Far, Far Away, Shrek sets out to find the next heir to the throne -- Fiona's cousin Artie, while Prince Charming is plotting to overthrow Shrek and become king.
Kung Fu Panda premiered in the United States on June 6, 2008. The film received positive reviews upon release. Kung Fu Panda opened in 4,114 theaters, grossing $20.3 million on its opening day and $60.2 million on its opening weekend, resulting in the number one position at the box office. The film became DreamWorks' biggest opening for a non-sequel film, the highest grossing animated film of the year worldwide, and also had the fourth - largest opening weekend for a DreamWorks animated film at the American and Canadian box office, behind Shrek 2, Shrek the Third, and Shrek Forever After.
Survivor: Heroes vs. Healers vs. Hustlers is the 35th season of the American CBS competitive reality television series Survivor. This season featured 18 new players divided into three tribes based on a dominant perceived trait: ``Heroes ''(courage),`` Healers'' (compassion), and ``Hustlers ''(tenacity). The season premiered on September 27, 2017, and ended on December 20, 2017, when Ben Driebergen was named the winner over Chrissy Hofbeck and Ryan Ulrich in a 5 -- 2 -- 1 vote.
The Shrek franchise from DreamWorks Animation, based on William Steig's picture book Shrek!, consists of four computer - animated films including: Shrek (2001), Shrek 2 (2004), Shrek the Third (2007), and Shrek Forever After (2010), with a fifth film planned for a 2019 or 2020 release. A short 4 - D film, Shrek 4 - D, which originally was a theme park ride, was released in 2003.
The Bashkim Sulejmani Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kuçovë, Albania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Naftëtari. The stadium holds 5,000 spectators It is named after Bashkim Sulejmani, a hero of the city.
Japanese singer Miki Asakura recorded the song in Japanese as ヒーロー HOLDING OUT FOR A HERO in 1984. Elizabeth Daily recorded the song as the series theme song to the TV series Cover Up. Jennifer Saunders recorded the song for the 2004 film Shrek 2. It was also featured on the associated soundtrack. Frou Frou also recorded an alternatively tuned version of the song for Shrek 2 which appears during the film credits and in the soundtrack. American Post-Hardcore band Emery also did a cover for the 2005 Fearless Records compilation Punk Goes 80's. Ella Mae Bowen recorded a country version of the song which appeared on the soundtrack to the 2011 remake of Footloose.
Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game developed and published by Valve Corporation. The game is a sequel to "Defense of the Ancients" ("DotA"), which was a community-created mod for Blizzard Entertainment's "" and its expansion pack, "The Frozen Throne". "Dota 2" is played in matches between two teams of five players, with each team occupying and defending their own separate base on the map. Each of the ten players independently controls a powerful character, known as a "hero", who all have unique abilities and differing styles of play. During a match, players collect experience points and items for their heroes to successfully defeat the opposing team's heroes in player versus player combat. A team wins by being the first to destroy the other team's "Ancient", a large structure located within their base.
"Shrek" premiered at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival, where it competed for the Palme d'Or, making it the first animated film since Disney's "Peter Pan" (1953) to receive that honor. It was widely praised as an animated film that featured adult-oriented humor and themes, while catering to children at the same time. The film was theatrically released in the United States on May 18, 2001, and grossed $484.4 million worldwide against production budget of $60 million. "Shrek" won the first ever Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and was also nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay. It also earned six award nominations from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), ultimately winning Best Adapted Screenplay. The film's success helped establish DreamWorks Animation as a prime competitor to Pixar in feature film computer animation, and three sequels were released—"Shrek 2" (2004), "Shrek the Third" (2007), and "Shrek Forever After" (2010)—along with two holiday specials, a spin-off film, and a stage musical that kickstarted the "Shrek" franchise. Although plans for a fifth film were cancelled prior to the fourth film's release, the project was revived in 2016 and has since stalled, with production and a potential release date getting pushed back.