Divorce is discouraged, and remarriage is forbidden unless a divorce is obtained on the grounds of adultery, which they refer to as "a scriptural divorce". If a divorce is obtained for any other reason, remarriage is considered adulterous unless the prior spouse has died or is since considered to have committed sexual immorality. Extreme physical abuse, willful non-support of one's family, and what the religion terms "absolute endangerment of spirituality" are considered grounds for legal separation.
The Fabulous Suzanne is a 1946 American romantic comedy film directed by Steve Sekely and starring Barbara Britton, Rudy Vallee and Otto Kruger. A waitress inherits a fortune from one of her customers.
Mirrorball was a sitcom pilot in the United Kingdom directed by Adrian Edmondson and written by Jennifer Saunders. It originally aired on 22 December 2000.
The Fabulous Texan is a 1947 American Western film directed by Edward Ludwig and written by Lawrence Hazard and Horace McCoy. The film stars Wild Bill Elliott, John Carroll, Catherine McLeod, Albert Dekker, Andy Devine and Patricia Knight. The film was released on November 9, 1947, by Republic Pictures.
The Return of the Fabulous Hofner Bluenotes is the twenty-second studio album by British singer-songwriter Chris Rea, released in 2008 by his own record label, Jazzee Blue. It comprises three CDs and double 10" Vinyl records in an 80-page hardback book. It is the second album of his project, the "Hofner Blue Notes" (2003).
Absolute World is a residential condominium twin tower skyscraper complex in the five tower Absolute City Centre development in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. The project was built by Fernbrook Homes and Cityzen Development Group. With the first three towers completed (Absolute City Centre 1 and 2 and Absolute Vision), the last two towers (Absolute World 4 and 5) were topped off at 50 and 56 storeys.
The Fabulous Thad Jones is the debut album by American jazz trumpeter Thad Jones recorded in 1954 and originally released on Charles Mingus' Debut Records label as a 10-inch LP. The album was later re-issued as a 12-inch LP titled simply, Thad Jones.
Absolute Body Control is an electronic music project from Belgium. It is notable as the first significant project of musicians Dirk Ivens and Eric Van Wonterghem.
Absolutely Fabulous, also known as Ab Fab, is a former British television sitcom created by, written by and starring Jennifer Saunders. It is based on the 1990 "French & Saunders" sketch "Modern Mother and Daughter", created by Saunders and Dawn French.
Absolute zero is the lower limit of the thermodynamic temperature scale, a state at which the enthalpy and entropy of a cooled ideal gas reaches its minimum value, taken as 0. Absolute zero is the point at which the fundamental particles of nature have minimal vibrational motion, retaining only quantum mechanical, zero - point energy - induced particle motion. The theoretical temperature is determined by extrapolating the ideal gas law; by international agreement, absolute zero is taken as − 273.15 ° on the Celsius scale (International System of Units), which equates to − 459.67 ° on the Fahrenheit scale (United States customary units or Imperial units). The corresponding Kelvin and Rankine temperature scales set their zero points at absolute zero by definition.
The Great Pyramid Robbery is a fantasy novel by English writer Katherine Roberts, the first book in The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the prequel to "The Babylon Game".
In mathematics — specifically, in measure theory — Malliavin's absolute continuity lemma is a result due to the French mathematician Paul Malliavin that plays a foundational rôle in the regularity (smoothness) theorems of the Malliavin calculus. Malliavin's lemma gives a sufficient condition for a finite Borel measure to be absolutely continuous with respect to Lebesgue measure.
Mok Kwai-lan (; October 15, 1892 – November 3, 1982) was the fourth spouse of Lingnan martial arts grandmaster Wong Fei-hung.
The Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign is a Las Vegas landmark funded in May 1959 and erected soon after by Western Neon. The sign was designed by Betty Willis at the request of Ted Rogich, a local salesman, who sold it to Clark County, Nevada.
The example Leibniz uses involves two proposed universes situated in absolute space. The only discernible difference between them is that the latter is positioned five feet to the left of the first. The example is only possible if such a thing as absolute space exists. Such a situation, however, is not possible, according to Leibniz, for if it were, a universe's position in absolute space would have no sufficient reason, as it might very well have been anywhere else. Therefore, it contradicts the principle of sufficient reason, and there could exist two distinct universes that were in all ways indiscernible, thus contradicting the identity of indiscernibles.
The Colossus Crisis is a fantasy novel by British writer Katherine Roberts, the sixth novel in The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to "The Olympic Conspiracy".
The Mausoleum Murder is a fantasy novel by British writer Katherine Roberts, the fourth novel in The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to "The Amazon Temple Quest".
At the beginning of the 20th century, important advancement in geological science was facilitated by the ability to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events using radioactive isotopes and other methods. This changed the understanding of geologic time. Previously, geologists could only use fossils and stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative to one another. With isotopic dates it became possible to assign absolute ages to rock units, and these absolute dates could be applied to fossil sequences in which there was datable material, converting the old relative ages into new absolute ages.
Absolute Hangover () is a 1999 Norwegian comedy film directed by Petter Næss, starring Ingar Helge Gimle and Brit Elisabeth Haagensli.
Magica De Spell ("magica" being the feminine of "magico", ) is a fictional character of the Scrooge McDuck universe, an Italian sorceress created by Carl Barks. She constantly steals or attempts to steal Scrooge McDuck's Number One Dime, which she believes will play a vital role in magically obtaining the same fabulous wealth of its owner.