The Skriker is a 1994 play by Caryl Churchill that tells the story of an ancient fairy who, during the course of the play, transforms into a plethora of objects and people as it pursues Lily and Josie, two teenage mothers whom it befriends, manipulates, seduces and entraps. Whilst speaking English in its human incarnations, the Skriker’s own language consists of broken and fragmented word play. Blending naturalism, horror and magical realism, it is a story of love, loss and revenge. As with Churchill's "A Mouthful of Birds" (1986), the play explores the themes of post-natal psychosis and possession.
Andy Barclay Child's Play character Andy in Child's Play 2 First appearance Child's Play Created by Don Mancini Portrayed by Alex Vincent (1 - 2, 6 - 7) Justin Whalin (3) Information Full name Andrew William Barclay Gender Male Family Karen Barclay (mother) Mr. Barclay (deceased father) Michael Norris (stepfather) Kyle (foster sister) Phil Simpson (deceased foster father) Joanne Simpson (deceased foster mother) Nationality American
Mae Whitman as Tinker Bell, a tinker fairy and Periwinkle's twin sister. Lucy Hale as Periwinkle, a frost fairy and Tinker Bell's twin sister. Timothy Dalton as Lord Milori, the lord of the Winter Woods and Queen Clarion's love interest. Jeff Bennett as Dewey, a frost fairy. Lucy Liu as Silvermist, a water fairy. Raven - Symone as Iridessa, a light fairy. Megan Hilty as Rosetta, a garden fairy. Pamela Adlon as Vidia, a fast - flying fairy. Angela Bartys as Fawn, an animal fairy. Matt Lanter as Sled, a frost fairy and Rosetta's love interest. Debby Ryan as Spike, a frost fairy and Periwinkle's best friend. Grey DeLisle as Gliss, a frost fairy and Periwinkle's secondary best friend. Rob Paulsen as Bobble, a wispy tinker fairy with large glasses and Clank's best friend. Jeff Bennett as Clank, a large tinker fairy. Jane Horrocks as Fairy Mary, the oversee of all tinker fairies. Jodi Benson as Healing Fairy. Kari Wahlgren as Receptionist. Thomas Lennon as Reading Fairy. Ben Diskin as Slush, a Glacier Fairy. Jesse McCartney as Terence, a dust fairy. Jeff Bennett as Fairy Gary, the oversee of all dust fairy. Kathy Najimy as The Minister of Summer. John DiMaggio as The Minister of Autumn. Steve Valentine as The Minister of Spring. Dee Bradley Baker as Cheese / Fiona / Blaze. Anjelica Huston as Queen Clarion, the queen of all Pixie Hollow and Lord Milori's love interest.
Shrek the Third is a 2007 American computer - animated fantasy comedy film and the third installment in the Shrek franchise, produced by DreamWorks Animation. It is the sequel to 2004's Shrek 2, and is the first in the series to be distributed by Paramount Pictures, which acquired DreamWorks Pictures, the former parent of DreamWorks Animation, in 2006. Chris Miller and Raman Hui directed and co-directed the film, respectively, with the former also co-writing the screenplay with Jeffrey Price, Peter S. Seaman, and Aron Warner. In addition to Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Rupert Everett, Julie Andrews, and John Cleese, who reprise their roles from Shrek 2, the film also features Justin Timberlake in the role of Arthur Pendragon and Eric Idle as Merlin. Harry Gregson - Williams composed the original music for the film. The story takes place eight months after the marriage of Shrek and Fiona in the first film. Reluctantly reigning over the kingdom of Far, Far Away, Shrek sets out to find the next heir to the throne -- Fiona's cousin Artie, while Prince Charming is plotting to overthrow Shrek and become king.
The Kingdom of the Fairies (), initially released in the United States as Fairyland, or the Kingdom of the Fairies and in Great Britain as The Wonders of the Deep, or Kingdom of the Fairies, is a 1903 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès.
The Shrek franchise from DreamWorks Animation, based on William Steig's picture book Shrek!, consists of four computer - animated films including: Shrek (2001), Shrek 2 (2004), Shrek the Third (2007), and Shrek Forever After (2010), with a fifth film planned for a 2019 or 2020 release. A short 4 - D film, Shrek 4 - D, which originally was a theme park ride, was released in 2003.
Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer - animated fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson, Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon. It is the sequel to 2001's Shrek, with Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and Cameron Diaz reprising their respective voice roles of Shrek, Donkey, and Fiona from the first film, joined by Antonio Banderas, Julie Andrews, John Cleese, Rupert Everett, and Jennifer Saunders. Sometime after the first film, Shrek, Donkey and Fiona go to visit Fiona's parents (voiced by Andrews and Cleese), while Shrek and Donkey discover that a greedy Fairy God Mother (voiced by Saunders) is plotting to destroy Shrek and Fiona's marriage so Fiona can marry her son, Prince Charming (voiced by Everett). Shrek and Donkey team up with a swashbuckling cat named Puss in Boots (voiced by Banderas) to stop her.
Nick Bottom is a character in Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" who provides comic relief throughout the play. A weaver by trade, he is famously known for getting his head transformed into that of a donkey by the elusive Puck. Bottom and Puck are the only two characters who converse with and progress the three central stories in the whole play. Puck is first introduced in the fairies' story and creates the drama of the lovers' story by messing up who loves whom, and places the donkey head on Bottom's in his story. Similarly, Bottom is performing in a play in his story intending it to be presented in the lovers' story, as well as interacting with Titania in the fairies' story.
Mirrorball was a sitcom pilot in the United Kingdom directed by Adrian Edmondson and written by Jennifer Saunders. It originally aired on 22 December 2000.
Shrek the Halls is an American Christmas computer-animated comedy television special that premiered on the American television network ABC on Wednesday, November 28, 2007. The thirty minute Christmas special was directed by Gary Trousdale and produced by DreamWorks Animation. Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz and Antonio Banderas reprised their roles from the feature films. This Christmas special takes place between "Shrek the Third" and "Shrek Forever After". This television special was based on the children's book "Shrek!" by the writer William Steig, was published on October 17, 1990.
Christopher Knights is an English voice actor, film editor and camera operator best known for providing the voice of Private the Penguin in Madagascar. He worked on several DreamWorks films Shrek, Shrek 2, Shrek the Third and Shrek 4 - D. He started his filming career at Amblimation studios and worked on We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story and Balto. When he joined DreamWorks he not only started his editing career but also his acting career. He worked on the Shrek series as an associate editor and voice of the Three Blind Mice and Thelonious, Lord Farquad's Henchman. He worked many times with another English cameraman and voice actor, Simon J. Smith.
Japanese singer Miki Asakura recorded the song in Japanese as ヒーロー HOLDING OUT FOR A HERO in 1984. Elizabeth Daily recorded the song as the series theme song to the TV series Cover Up. Jennifer Saunders recorded the song for the 2004 film Shrek 2. It was also featured on the associated soundtrack. Frou Frou also recorded an alternatively tuned version of the song for Shrek 2 which appears during the film credits and in the soundtrack. American Post-Hardcore band Emery also did a cover for the 2005 Fearless Records compilation Punk Goes 80's. Ella Mae Bowen recorded a country version of the song which appeared on the soundtrack to the 2011 remake of Footloose.
Kung Fu Panda premiered in the United States on June 6, 2008. The film received positive reviews upon release. Kung Fu Panda opened in 4,114 theaters, grossing $20.3 million on its opening day and $60.2 million on its opening weekend, resulting in the number one position at the box office. The film became DreamWorks' biggest opening for a non-sequel film, the highest grossing animated film of the year worldwide, and also had the fourth - largest opening weekend for a DreamWorks animated film at the American and Canadian box office, behind Shrek 2, Shrek the Third, and Shrek Forever After.
Princess Fiona is a fictional main character who serves as the female lead in DreamWorks' animated Shrek film series. She made her first appearance in the first film in the franchise, Shrek (2001), voiced by American actress Cameron Diaz.
The Rainbow Fairies are a series of fairies that organize the color in Fairyland, in the fictional children's books Rainbow Magic by Daisy Meadows.
Shrek! is a picture book published in 1990 by American book writer and cartoonist William Steig, about a repugnant and monstrous green creature who leaves home to see the world and ends up saving a princess. The name "Shrek" is the romanization of the Yiddish word שרעק, corresponding to German "" and meaning "fear" or "fright", but also used as a common exclamation, often in the form "Oy Shrek!".
King Harold (voiced by John Cleese) was the king of Far Far Away, husband of Queen Lillian, father of Princess Fiona, and father in - law of Shrek.
Jaime Murray (born 21 July 1976) is an English actress, known for playing Stacie Monroe in the BBC series Hustle (2004 -- 2012), Lila West in the Showtime series Dexter (2007), Gaia in the Starz miniseries Spartacus: Gods of the Arena (2011), Olivia Charles in The CW series Ringer (2011 -- 2012), Helena G. Wells in the Syfy series Warehouse 13 (2010 -- 2014), Stahma Tarr in the Syfy series Defiance (2013 -- 2015), Fiona / the Black Fairy in the ABC series Once Upon a Time (2016 -- 2017) and Antoinette in the CW series The Originals (2018).
"Shrek" premiered at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival, where it competed for the Palme d'Or, making it the first animated film since Disney's "Peter Pan" (1953) to receive that honor. It was widely praised as an animated film that featured adult-oriented humor and themes, while catering to children at the same time. The film was theatrically released in the United States on May 18, 2001, and grossed $484.4 million worldwide against production budget of $60 million. "Shrek" won the first ever Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and was also nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay. It also earned six award nominations from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), ultimately winning Best Adapted Screenplay. The film's success helped establish DreamWorks Animation as a prime competitor to Pixar in feature film computer animation, and three sequels were released—"Shrek 2" (2004), "Shrek the Third" (2007), and "Shrek Forever After" (2010)—along with two holiday specials, a spin-off film, and a stage musical that kickstarted the "Shrek" franchise. Although plans for a fifth film were cancelled prior to the fourth film's release, the project was revived in 2016 and has since stalled, with production and a potential release date getting pushed back.
Jaime Murray (born 21 July 1976) is an English actress, known for playing Stacie Monroe in the BBC series Hustle and Lila West in the Showtime series Dexter. She is also known for her recurring roles as Gaia in the Starz miniseries Spartacus: Gods of the Arena, as Olivia Charles in The CW series Ringer, as Helena G. Wells in the Syfy series Warehouse 13, as Stahma Tarr in the Syfy series Defiance, and as the Black Fairy in Once Upon a Time.