Alice of Armenia (1182 – after 1234) was ruling Lady of Toron from 1229 to 1236 as the eldest daughter of Ruben III, Prince of Armenia and his wife Isabella of Toron. She was heiress of Toron as well as a claimant to the throne of Armenia. She married three times; by her second marriage she was Countess of Tripoli, and she only had children from this marriage.
Countess Ilona Andrássy de Csíkszentkirály et Krasznahorka (21 May 1858 – 2 April 1952) was a Hungarian noblewoman, wife of Count Lajos Batthyány de Németújvár (1860–1951) who served as Governor of Fiume.
Unfortunately, Isabella was already engaged to Hugh of Lusignan, an important member of a key Poitou noble family and brother of Count Raoul of Eu, who possessed lands along the sensitive eastern Normandy border. Just as John stood to benefit strategically from marrying Isabella, so the marriage threatened the interests of the Lusignans, whose own lands currently provided the key route for royal goods and troops across Aquitaine. Rather than negotiating some form of compensation, John treated Hugh "with contempt"; this resulted in a Lusignan uprising that was promptly crushed by John, who also intervened to suppress Raoul in Normandy.
John I, Count of Foix also known as "Jean de Foix-Grailly" (1382 – 4 May 1436) was Count of Foix from 1428 until his death in 1436. He succeeded his mother Isabella, Countess of Foix. His father was Archambaud de Grailly.
Catherine of Pfalz-Zweibrücken (10 December 1661 – 27 May 1720), was the daughter of Adolph John I, Count Palatine of Kleeburg and Countess Elsa Elisabeth Brahe of Wisingsborg, cousin of Charles XI of Sweden and the sister of Adolph John II, Count Palatine of Kleeburg and Gustav, Duke of Zweibrücken. She is foremost known for the scandal involving herself and her siblings, when she, after a long ongoing conflict in 1686-88, escaped from the authority of her parents.
Alice de Lusignan, Countess of Surrey (1224 – 9 February 1256) was a uterine half-sister of King Henry III of England and the wife of John de Warenne, 6th Earl of Surrey. Shortly after her arrival in England from France in 1247, her half-brother arranged her marriage to the Earl, which incurred some resentment from the English nobility.
The 1924 Imperial Airways de Havilland DH.34 crash occurred on 24 December 1924 when de Havilland DH.34 G-EBBX of Imperial Airways crashed at Purley, Surrey, United Kingdom killing all eight people on board. The aircraft was operating a scheduled international flight from Croydon, Surrey, to Paris, France. It was the first fatal accident suffered by Imperial Airways and led to the first public inquiry into a civil aviation accident in the United Kingdom. As a result of issues brought up during the Public Inquiry, Croydon Airport was expanded, absorbing most of Beddington Aerodrome.
Dalfi d'Alvernha was the son of William VII the Young of Auvergne, Count of Clermont, and of Jeanne de . He married Guillemette de Comborn, Countess of Montferrand, daughter of Archambaud, Viscount of Comborn, and Jourdaine of Périgord. Their children were Aélis, Guillaume (William, later Count of Clermont), Blanche, and Alix.
Alice de Lencquesaing (born 11 August 1991) is a French actress who appeared in Mia Hansen-Løve's 2009 film "Father of My Children" with her father Louis-Do de Lencquesaing. She was also in the film "Summer Hours".
Elizabeth von Arnim (31 August 1866 – 9 February 1941), born Mary Annette Beauchamp, was an Australian-born British novelist. By marriage she became Countess von Arnim-Schlagenthin, and after her second marriage she was styled as Elizabeth Russell, Countess Russell. Although known in her early life as Mary, after the publication of her first book, she was known to her readers, eventually to her friends, and finally even to her family as Elizabeth and she is now invariably referred to as Elizabeth von Arnim. She also wrote under the pen name Alice Cholmondeley.
Charlotte Stanley, Countess of Derby (December 1599– March 31, 1664), born Charlotte de La Trémoille, is famous for her robust defence of Lathom House during the English Civil War.
Alice Sabatini (born in Montalto di Castro on 12 October 1996) is an Italian basketball player, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was the winner of the Miss Italia 2015. She won the crown on 12 October 2015.
Joan de Geneville, 2nd Baroness Geneville, Countess of March, Baroness Mortimer (2 February 1286 – 19 October 1356), also known as Jeanne de Joinville, was the daughter of Sir Piers de Geneville and Joan of Lusignan. She inherited the estates of her grandparents, Geoffrey de Geneville, 1st Baron Geneville, and Maud de Lacy, Baroness Geneville. She was one of the wealthiest heiresses in the Welsh Marches and County Meath, Ireland. She was the wife of Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March, the de facto ruler of England from 1327 to 1330. She succeeded as suo jure 2nd Baroness Geneville on 21 October 1314 upon the death of her grandfather, Geoffrey de Geneville.
Since the coronations in 1066 of both King Harold and William the Conqueror, coronations of English and British monarchs were held in the abbey. In 1216, Henry III was unable to be crowned in London when he first came to the throne, because the French prince Louis had taken control of the city, and so the king was crowned in Gloucester Cathedral. This coronation was deemed by the Pope to be improper, and a further coronation was held in the abbey on 17 May 1220. The Archbishop of Canterbury is the traditional cleric in the coronation ceremony.[citation needed]
James III of Cyprus (or Jacques III de Lusignan) (6 July 1473 – 26 August 1474) was the only child by the marriage of James II of Cyprus and Catherine Cornaro. He died in mysterious circumstances as an infant, leaving his mother as the last Queen of Cyprus. His death paved the way for Venice to gain control of Cyprus.
The Surrey Eagles are a junior "A" ice hockey team based in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada. They are members of the Mainland Division of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL). They play their home games at South Surrey Arena.
Lady Louise Windsor (Louise Alice Elizabeth Mary Mountbatten-Windsor; born 8 November 2003) is the elder child and only daughter of Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. She is the youngest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She is 13th in the line of succession to the British throne.
Surrey First is a civic political organization in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada. It is a non-partisan civic organization, members of which were elected to a majority on Surrey City Council in 2008.
Countess Ilona Edelsheim-Gyulai de Marosnémethi et Nádaska (14 January 1918 – 18 April 2013) was a Hungarian noblewoman and wife of István Horthy, son of Regent Miklós Horthy and Deputy Regent of Hungary for a short time in 1942.
"Doña" María del Pilar Primo de Rivera y Sáenz de Heredia, 1st Countess of the Castle of La Mota (November 4, 1907 – March 17, 1991) was the sister of José Antonio Primo de Rivera, founder of the Falange, a political movement of Spain, and the daughter of Spanish dictator General Miguel Primo de Rivera, 2nd Marquis of Estella.