K. B. Blues is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1979. The tracks were reissued on CD as part of "" but incorrectly identified as being recorded in 1956.
Hints Allegations and Things Left Unsaid is the debut studio album by the American rock band Collective Soul. It was originally released on an indie label in Atlanta called Rising Storm Records in 1993. The track "Shine" gained the band attention thanks to college radio. They later signed on with Atlantic Records and the album was released on CD in 1994 under the Atlantic label.
Chris LeDoux was a rodeo cowboy who sang and recorded songs in his spare time and sold his albums from the back of his truck. With his father, he started his own record label, American Cowboy Songs, in 1970. Under that label he released 22 albums between 1971 and 1990. After gaining recognition from the 1989 Garth Brooks song, "Much Too Young (To Feel This Damn Old)" he was signed to Liberty Records, where he released 4 studio albums in four years. He released 6 more albums including a live album under Capitol Records. "Horsepower" in 2003 was his last studio album before his death in 2005. Nine official compilation albums have been released between 1994 and 2008. "20 Greatest Hits" has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
The Meydan mosque is a historical mosque in Kashan, Iran. It is located in the southern side of the "Sang-e Ghadimi square" and beside the Bazaar of Kashan. It is one of the oldest structures in Kashan. The primary structure belonged possibly to the seljuq era, but it was destroyed by the Mongols during their invasions. Later it was rebuilt and repaired by "Khaje Emad ed-Din". A quotation for this matter is an inscription in the old mihrab, in which it is mentioned that it is built in 623 Hijri (1226 AD) by "Hassan ebn-e Arabschah" in Kashan. The mihrab was in its original place until the last century, but it is kept now in the Museum of Islamic art in Berlin.
At the Village Vanguard (subtitled You Took the Words Right Out of My Heart) is a live album by jazz drummer Paul Motian recorded at the Village Vanguard and originally released on the German JMT label. Recorded in 1995 it features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano. The album was rereleased on the Winter & Winter label in 2005.
Tigers Jaw is an American rock band from Scranton, Pennsylvania, formed in 2005. Their first album, "Belongs to the Dead", was released in 2006. They released a 7" single, "Spirit Desire", in 2009, on Tiny Engines. They released two more albums before announcing a hiatus in March 2013; however, their record label Run for Cover Records announced in August 2013 that the band's breakup was not official. Their fourth album, "Charmer", came out in June 2014, and their fifth, "Spin", in 2017.
Ellington Is Forever Volume Two is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell featuring compositions associated with Duke Ellington recorded in 1975 and released on the Fantasy Records label. Originally released as a double album set in 1977 it was rereleased on CD in 1994.
Jesus Egg That Wept is the second solo album by Danielle Dax, an English experimental musician and former member of The Lemon Kittens. It was originally recorded and released in 1984 on the Awesome Records label. The album was re-released in 1993 on the Biter Of Thorpe label (BOT131-02CD) and distributed through World Serpent Distribution.
Groovin' with Golson is the sixth album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1959 and originally released on the New Jazz label.
``Rub It In ''is a song written and originally recorded by Layng Martine Jr., and credited as Layng Martine. His version, released on the Barnaby Records label, was produced by Ray Stevens and was a chart single in 1971.
"I Belong to Me" is a song by American recording artist Jessica Simpson from her fifth studio album, "A Public Affair". The song was written by Diane Warren and produced by Stargate. It was released on September 26, 2006 by Epic Records, as the second single from the album. Originally the song was not included in the standard version of the album, but was released in a version of Walmart as a bonus track. The lyrics of "I Belong to Me" is constructed in verse-chorus format and focuses on the dissatisfaction of love.
The first 1952 recording of the song was by Joni James. She had seen the sheet music in the Woods Building in Chicago and the lyrics attracted her. She recorded the song in February, 1952, in Chicago and it was released in March on the local Sharp Records label. After she signed to MGM, it was reissued as her second single on that label on August 5, 1952, after Jo Stafford, Patti Page and Dean Martin had covered it. James' version also was issued on M-G-M Records for national distribution. The best - known early 1952 version of the song was recorded after James' recording by Sue Thompson on Mercury's country label as catalog number 6407. It was soon covered by Patti Page, whose version was issued by Mercury as catalog number 5899, with ``I Went to Your Wedding ''(a bigger Patti Page hit, reaching No 1) on the flip side. It entered the Billboard chart on August 22, 1952, and lasted 12 weeks on the chart, peaking at No. 4.
The Real Thing is an album by American jazz trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie featuring James Moody recorded in 1969 and originally released on the Perception label.
Let There Be Love is Joni James debut album, recorded in 1953 and released by MGM Records at the end of the year. It was released in a four-disc 10-inch 78-rpm record box, in both a two-disc 7-inch 45-rpm extended-play foldout album and a four-disc 45-rpm regular-play box and on a 10-inch 33⅓-rpm album. The serial number, 222, coincidentally included James's lucky number, "22," which appeared in many of her record serial numbers all over the world.br
Some Other Spring is an album by Norwegian vocalist Karin Krog with American saxophonist Dexter Gordon recorded in Norway in 1970 and originally released on the Sonet label in Europe.
"Pacific Sun" is a song originally written and recorded by Force & Styles featuring Junior. It was originally released on white label in 1997 and appeared on their greatest hits album "Heart of Gold" (2000). The song has also been covered numerous times with other versions recorded by Flip & Fill featuring Junior, Ultrabeat and Darren Styles
The Broadway Album is the twenty-fourth studio album by director, composer, actress and singer Barbra Streisand, released by Columbia Records on November 5, 1985. Consisting mainly of classic show tunes, the album marked a major shift in Streisand's career. She had spent ten years appearing in musicals and singing standards on her albums in the 1960s. Beginning with the album "Stoney End" in 1971 and ending with the album "Emotion" in 1984, Streisand sang mostly rock, pop, folk, and disco-oriented songs for Columbia records. Noted Broadway composer Stephen Sondheim personally penned additional lyrics for the songs "Putting It Together" and "Send in the Clowns" on request of the singer. The album, originally released on the Columbia label and subsequently re-released by Columbia and Sony Records, was a critical and commercial success. First certified gold by the RIAA on January 13, 1986, it reached four times platinum on January 31, 1995.
Biltmore Records was a United States based record label active from 1949 through 1951. The label was headquartered in New York City. Biltmore Records were often reissues of recordings no longer in the catalogues of other labels. When RCA Victor found out that Biltmore were making unauthorized reissues of material originally recorded by Victor, they sued Biltmore, putting Biltmore out of business.
Counterpoint for Six Valves is an album by American jazz trumpeters Don Elliott and Rusty Dedrick which was recorded in 1955 for the Riverside label. The album features six tracks that were originally recorded in 1955 and released as the 10-inch LP, Six Valves along with four additional tracks from 1956. This album was also reissued on the Jazzland label as Double Trumpet Doings.
Benny Golson's New York Scene is the debut album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in late 1957 and originally released on the Contemporary label.