``The Power of Love ''is a song co-written and originally recorded by Jennifer Rush in 1984. It has been covered by several artists, most notably by Celine Dion, Laura Branigan and Air Supply.
``Here Comes the Hotstepper ''is a song co-written and recorded by Jamaican dancehall artist Ini Kamoze. It was released as the lead single from his 1994 album Here Comes the Hotstepper.
Necessary Records is a record label based in the UK, founded by Warren Clarke, a former A&R executive at London Records and Edel, in 2003. Clarke describes that the label was born out of a creative necessity. "It's an outlet for records that should and must be heard. An outlet for artists that deserve to and will, touch the widest possible audience."
Pointless Nostalgic is Jamie Cullum's second album but his first major release on a record label. It was released in 2002 through Candid Records. It was recorded at Clowns Pocket Recording Studio, Bexley, Kent by Derek Nash who also co produced the CD.
"Under Your Spell Again" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Buck Owens. The song peaked at number 4 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
Ornament Records is a German record label set up in 1972 by Siegfried A. "Ziggy" Christmann. It initially specialised in issuing live recordings of blues artists who were touring Germany. Soon the label started releasing jazz and German (especially Moselle Franconian) folk music as well.
Nothing Records was an American record label specializing in industrial rock and electronic music, founded by John Malm Jr. and Trent Reznor in 1992. It is considered an example of a vanity label, where an artist is able to run a label with some degree of independence from within a larger parent company, in this case being Interscope Records.
Permission to Fly is the second and final studio album by American singer-songwriter Jordan Pruitt. On July 22, 2008, the album was released to all Limited Too stores only and in September the album was released on iTunes. On August 26, 2008 the album was given a physical release. The worldwide premiere of the album was broadcast over Radio Disney on July 19, 2008 at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time and 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time. The encore also aired on July 21, 2008 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time and 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time. For unknown reasons, the album was removed from the iTunes Store on September 19, 2008.
"My Moment" is a song by American recording artist Rebecca Black. It is a self-empowerment follow-up song to her first single "Friday", addressed to the "haters" who criticized her previous release. The song was written and produced by Brandon "Blue" Hamilton and Quinton Tolbert, and co-produced by Charlton Pettus. It was released on the iTunes Store under the label RB Records as Black's second single on July 19, 2011. RB Records was established by Black herself, after disputes over ownership and distribution of her previous single, "Friday".
"Here I Am" is a song written by Tony Arata, and recorded by American country music artist Patty Loveless. It was released in November 1994 as the second single from her album "When Fallen Angels Fly". The song reached a number 4 peak in February 1995.
Hamburg Records is a Hamburg, Germany based independent record label and artist management owned by Pyogenesis vocalist Flo V. Schwarz.
Kontor Records is a record label based in Hamburg, Germany. The label's artist roster includes ATB, Tiësto and Scooter. Jens Thele is the head manager of Kontor and is also the manager of Scooter.
Ellahy Amen Records is an American-French independent avant-garde record label, launched in 2002 by former Pigface member and experimental/avant-garde musician Leila Bela. The record label is based both in Paris, France and Austin, Texas, United States. Currently, the label has three artists signed to the roster.
Graeme Goodall (1932 – 3 December 2014) was an Australian recording engineer and record label owner who was a key figure in the early days of Jamaica's recording industry, constructing several of the Island's studios, co-founding Island Records, and operating other labels in the United Kingdom releasing Jamaican music.
Statiras Records is a sub-label of Progressive Records which Progressive founder Gus Statiras launched in the 1980s that recorded jazz musical artists for release on LP and CD.
"Whiskey River" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Johnny Bush. He released the song in 1972 through RCA Victor and included it on his album "Whiskey River". Bush later re-recorded the song in 1981 and released it through the Delta label, with "When My Conscience Hurts the Most" on the b-side.
Voices of Wonder aka Voice of Wonder Records was one of the most important rock record labels in Oslo, Norway in the early 1990s. The label was fronted by a small and intimate record store on Olaf Ryes plass, which in addition to the labels own artists specialized in the English Earache Records and the American Sub Pop labels.
Jive Records was an American record label under the RCA Music Group formed in 1981 by Zomba Records. Formerly headquartered in New York City, the label was best known for a string of successes with hip hop artists in the 1980s, and also in teen pop and boy bands during the 1990s and early 2000s.
No Ordinary Girl is the debut album by Jordan Pruitt, released in the United States on February 6, 2007 by Hollywood Records. The album debuted and peaked at number sixty-four on the "Billboard" 200 with 14,000 copies sold in its first week and to date has sold 187,887 in the United States. This album had moderate success because of the songs included in the Disney Channel movies "Read It and Weep" and "Jump In". Pruitt supported the album with "The Cheetah Girls The Party's Just Begun Tour" and "".
"Big Blue Note" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith. It was released in September 2005 as the third and final single from Keith's album "Honkytonk University". It peaked at number 5 on the United States country charts. Partway through the single's release, DreamWorks Records closed its country division, so Keith promoted the album via his own label, Show Dog Nashville. Keith wrote the song with Scotty Emerick.