WKDM 1380 is a United States ethnic brokered radio station licensed to New York City. The station is owned by Multicultural Broadcasting and airs programming in Mandarin Chinese, 24 hours a day from Monday to Friday. On the weekends, it broadcasts in Mexican Spanish for a Mexican audience. Its transmitting facility is located in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
WRNX (100.9 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Amherst, Massachusetts. The station is owned by iHeartMedia and the broadcast license is held by CC Licenses, LLC.
WRGV (107.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Pensacola, Florida, United States. The station is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and the broadcast license is held by Clear Channel Broadcasting Licenses, Inc. WRGV broadcasts an urban contemporary music format to the greater Pensacola, Florida, and Mobile, Alabama, area. Its studios are located located inside the building of unrelated television station WKRG on Broadcast Drive in Mobile, and the transmitter is near Robertsdale, Alabama.
WHOS (800 AM, "The Big Talker") is a radio station licensed to serve Decatur, Alabama, United States. The station is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and the broadcast license is held by Capstar TX Limited Partnership. WHOS is one of five stations in the Huntsville, Alabama, market owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. The station is also simulcast on WBHP at 1230 AM in Huntsville, a 106.5 FM broadcast translator in Huntsville, and on WQRV-HD2 (HD Radio). Its studios are located in Madison, Alabama and its transmitter is located in West Decatur, Alabama.
WRLS-FM (92.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Hayward, Wisconsin, United States. The station's broadcast license is held by Vacationland Broadcasting, Inc.
KPRM (870 AM) is a radio station in Park Rapids, Minnesota. It has a hybrid classic country/conservative talk radio format. Locally, it broadcasts the popular "Coffee Talk" morning show, and is currently simulcasted on KDKK and KAKK.
KPBD (89.3 FM) is a defunct American non-commercial educational radio station that was licensed to serve the community of Big Spring, the county seat of Howard County, Texas. The station's broadcast license was held by Paulino Bernal Evangelism. The station began broadcasting in June 2005 and went dark in May 2009 which led to the cancellation of the station's broadcast license in June 2011.
WJYM is an American radio station licensed to broadcast from Bowling Green, Ohio. Its studios and transmitter are located in Lime City near Perrysburg, and the station serves the Toledo metropolitan area.
KOLL (106.3 FM, "La Zeta") is a radio station licensed in Lonoke, Arkansas, broadcasting to the Little Rock, Arkansas, area. KOLL airs Regional Mexican music format. The station's studios are located in West Little Rock, and the transmitter tower is located near Pettus.
KFRU (1400 AM) is a radio station located in Columbia, Missouri, broadcasting with 1 kW of power. Its programming format consists primarily of news, talk and sports. The station is licensed to Cumulus Media.
WGFX is a radio station broadcasting on the FM band at 104.5 MHz licensed to the city of Gallatin, Tennessee, but serving the Nashville market as a whole. It is currently branded as 104.5 The Zone, broadcasting a sports talk format. It is owned by Cumulus Media and operates out of studios in Nashville's Music Row district. Its transmitter is located just north of downtown Nashville.
WRMN (1410 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Elgin, Illinois. The station's broadcast license is held by Elgin Community Broadcasting LLC.
WNDE (1260 AM) is a Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Indianapolis, Indiana, serving the Indianapolis metropolitan area. The station, which began broadcasting in 1924, is owned and operated by iHeartMedia. The WNDE broadcast license is held by Capstar TX LLC.
CJXY-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 107.9 FM and serving the Hamilton, Ontario market, licensed to the nearby city of Burlington. The station broadcasts an active rock format as "Y108". CJXY's studios are located on Main Street West (next to Highway 403) in Hamilton, while its transmitter is located atop the Niagara Escarpment near Burlington.
KAPE (1550 AM, "Cape Radio 1550") is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Cape Girardeau, Missouri. The station is owned by Withers Broadcasting and the broadcast license is held by Withers Broadcasting Company of Missouri, LLC.
WHRZ-LP (104.1 FM) also known as The Z, is a non-commercial low-power FM radio station located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. The station is licensed by the FCC to broadcast with an ERP of 47 watts (.047 kW).
Emmaville is an unincorporated community in Hubbard County, Minnesota, United States, half way between Park Rapids and Lake George. The small community is located at the junction of Hubbard County Roads 4 and 24, within Clay Township and Lake Emma Township. Through the years, population estimates have been listed between 4 and 29.
KFGY is a commercial radio station licensed to Healdsburg, California, broadcasting to the Santa Rosa, California area on 92.9 FM. Its programming is also broadcast on translator K300AO at 107.9 MHz, licensed to Santa Rosa.
WKHK is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Colonial Heights, Virginia, serving Richmond and Petersburg in Virginia. WKHK is owned and operated by SummitMedia. The station's studios and offices are located west of Richmond proper in unincorporated Chesterfield County, and its transmitter is located in Bensley, Virginia.
Usually, a federation is formed at two levels: the central government and the regions (states, provinces, territories), and little to nothing is said about second or third level administrative political entities. Brazil is an exception, because the 1988 Constitution included the municipalities as autonomous political entities making the federation tripartite, encompassing the Union, the States, and the municipalities. Each state is divided into municipalities (municípios) with their own legislative council (câmara de vereadores) and a mayor (prefeito), which are partly autonomous from both Federal and State Government. Each municipality has a "little constitution", called "organic law" (lei orgânica). Mexico is an intermediate case, in that municipalities are granted full-autonomy by the federal constitution and their existence as autonomous entities (municipio libre, "free municipality") is established by the federal government and cannot be revoked by the states' constitutions. Moreover, the federal constitution determines which powers and competencies belong exclusively to the municipalities and not to the constituent states. However, municipalities do not have an elected legislative assembly.