Inju: The Beast in the Shadow (French: Inju, la bête dans l'ombre) is a 2008 film by Barbet Schroeder. The film stars Benoît Magimel and Lika Minamoto and was filmed on location in Tokyo.
"The Great Detective" was inspired by the exploits of John Wilson Murray, Canada's first government-appointed detective, set in the latter part of the Victorian era. The leading character, Inspector Alistair Cameron, was a fictional counterpart of Murray. Inspector Cameron was ably assisted by his friend, forensic scientist Dr. Chisholm. A taped series, "The Great Detective" was produced on location at Rockwood, Kleinburg and Shadow Lake in Ontario, as well as Victoria, areas of downtown Toronto and CBC's television Studio 7.
The series follows the characters Llian, a brilliant chronicler from the College of Histories in Chanthed, and Karan, a young woman who owns the humble lands of Gothryme. "A Shadow on the Glass" was published in 1998 by Penguin Books.
Weird Shadows Over Innsmouth is an anthology of Cthulhu Mythos stories edited by Stephen Jones. It was published by Fedogan & Bremer in 2005 in an edition of 2,100 copies of which 100 were signed. The anthology contains a discarded draft of the H. P. Lovecraft novella "The Shadow Over Innsmouth" and several stories by other authors written as sequels to the Lovecraft story. Eight of the stories are original to this collection. Others first appeared in the magazines "The Acolyte" and "The Spook" or in anthologies.
The United States Naval Institute (USNI), based in Annapolis, Maryland, is a private, non-profit, professional military association that seeks to offer independent, nonpartisan forums for debate of national defense and security issues. In addition to publishing magazines and books, the Naval Institute holds several annual conferences.
In the Shadow of Greatness is a 2012 book written by 33 members of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2002 and published by the United States Naval Institute. The authors describe how their lives were shaped by their experiences at the Academy, the September 11 attacks, and events following graduation.
The Shadowers is a novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1964, continuing the exploits of assassin Matt Helm. It was the seventh novel of the series.
GE is a multinational conglomerate headquartered in Fairfield, Connecticut. Its main offices are located at 30 Rockefeller Plaza at Rockefeller Center in New York City, known now as the Comcast Building. It was formerly known as the GE Building for the prominent GE logo on the roof; NBC's headquarters and main studios are also located in the building. Through its RCA subsidiary, it has been associated with the center since its construction in the 1930s. GE moved its corporate headquarters from the GE Building on Lexington Avenue to Fairfield in 1974.
The Revenge of the Shadow King is the first volume of three books in the Grey Griffins series written in collaborative writing by American authors Derek Benz and J.S. Lewis, and published by Orchard Books, an imprint of Scholastic Inc. The book follows the story of four friends who form The Order of the Grey Griffin.
Jirania is a small town in Tripura state of India on the banks of river Saidra. It is a nagar panchayat and also the headquarters of Jirania Rural Development Block. It is located in Sadar sub-divisions of West Tripura district. It has 3 major high schools. Its market is of great importance for the local business and its sustainence. It lies on the National Highway 44 (Assam-Agartala Highway) of India.
Alamnagar (community development block) is one of the administrative divisions of Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar. The block headquarters are located at a distance of 58 km from the district headquarters, namely, Madhepura. The name of Alamnagar is named for Shah Alamgir.
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet is a shooter puzzle video game developed by Shadow Planet Productions (Fuelcell Games/Gagne International) and published by Microsoft Studios for Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. A self-published DRM-free version with soundtrack included was featured in the Humble Indie Bundle 13.
Several novelizations of each of the six films and some comic books as well as original canonical novels based on the franchise have been released. The original novels include Alien: Out of the Shadows, Alien: Sea of Sorrows, Alien: River of Pain, marketed as the Canonical Alien Trilogy and the short story collection Aliens: Bug Hunt. Out of the Shadows and River of Pain were adapted into audio dramas in 2016 & 2017 respectively released on the Alien Day of the respective year. Alan Dean Foster published Alien: Covenant -- Origins, a novel set between the events of Prometheus and Alien: Covenant
The Great Lakes Group (GLG) is an American full-service marine-related transportation company headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio. The Great Lakes Group is the parent Company to The Great Lakes Towing Company, Great Lakes Shipyard, Tugz International L.L.C., Puerto Rico Towing & Barge Co., Soo Linehandling Services, Admiral Towing and Barge Company, and Wind Logistics, Inc.
Casey's Shadow is a 1978 drama Metrocolor film directed by Martin Ritt and starring Walter Matthau. The film was based on a short story in "Ruidoso" (published April 29,1974, in The New Yorker magazine) by John McPhee. Much of the exterior shots were done in the town of Opelousas, LA (20 miles north of Lafayette, LA).
The Wreck Of The Zanzibar is a children's novel by Michael Morpurgo. It was first published in Great Britain by William Heinemann Publishers in 1995. The book won the Whitbread Children's Book Award in 1995.
Spry Fox is a video game producing company headquartered in Seattle, United States, that was founded in 2010 by David Edery and Daniel Cook. The company produced the games Triple Town, a freemium strategy puzzle game with city-building game elements for social networks and mobile devices; Steambirds, a strategy flying game for mobile devices; Road Not Taken, a roguelike puzzle game; and co-created Realm of the Mad God with Wild Shadow Studios. When Wild Shadow Studios was acquired by Kabam in June 2012, Spry Fox sold its stake in the game to Kabam as part of the deal.
The Great Basin and Columbia Plateau (the Intermontane Plateaus) are arid or semiarid regions that lie in the rain shadow of the Cascades and Sierra Nevada. Precipitation averages less than 15 inches (38 cm). The Southwest is a hot desert, with temperatures exceeding 100 °F (37.8 °C) for several weeks at a time in summer. The Southwest and the Great Basin are also affected by the monsoon from the Gulf of California from July to September, which brings localized but often severe thunderstorms to the region.
The Shadow of Saganami is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber, published in 2004. Set in the Honorverse, it has been billed as the first in the "Saganami Island" series, spun off from the main Honor Harrington series. The book debuted at #16 on "The New York Times" best seller list for hardcover fiction.
Black Wolf Lodge was founded in 1997 by brothers Jack and Andrew ``Turk ''Waterman, the original owners of Noah's Ark water park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin. Black Wolf Lodge was purchased by The Great Lakes Company in 1999. Later that year, founders Marc Vaccaro and Bruce Neviaser changed the name to Great Wolf Lodge and the company headquarters were established in Madison, Wisconsin. In 2001, the company built a second location in Sandusky, Ohio, and named it Great Bear Lodge. When a third location opened in 2003, the decision was made to place all future parks under the Great Wolf Lodge banner. The name of the Ohio location was changed to Great Wolf Lodge in 2004. The chain has since added twelve additional locations and has one in development.