Taputapuatea is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The commune of Taputapuatea is located on the island of Raiatea, in the administrative subdivision of the Leeward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands. At the 2017 census it had a population of 4,792. In 2017 Taputapuatea along with Taputapuatea marae were inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list.
Hong Kong has a total area of , of which 3.16% is water. 60 islands are dispersed around Hong Kong, the largest of which by area is Lantau Island, located Southwest of the main peninsula. Lantau Island and the majority of the remaining islands are part of the New Territories, an area that also encompasses the hilly terrain north of Kowloon. Hong Kong Island is separated from Kowloon by Victoria Harbour, a natural landform harbour. The Kowloon Peninsula to the south of Boundary Street and the New Territories to the north of Hong Kong Island were added to Colonial Hong Kong in 1860 and 1898 respectively.
The Glénan islands ( or , ) are an archipelago located off the coast of France. They are located in the south of Finistère, near Concarneau and Fouesnant, and comprise nine major islands: Saint-Nicolas, the Loc'h, Penfret, Cigogne, Drenec, Bananec, Brunec, Guiriden and Guéotec. In addition, there are over a dozen smaller islets as Quignénec, Brilimec or Kastell Bargain. Île aux Moutons, halfway to the continent, is considered to be a part of the archipelago. Administratively, the islands belong to the commune of Fouesnant.
Steinshamn is the administrative centre of Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The village is located at the northern end of the island of Harøya. There is a causeway that connects Steinshamn to the neighboring island of Finnøya to the northeast.
Nughu is an island in the Solomon Islands; it is located in Guadalcanal Province. The estimated terrain elevation above sea level is some 12 metres.
Located in northern Canada, the territory borders Canada's two other territories, Yukon to the west and Nunavut to the east, as well as three provinces: British Columbia to the southwest, and Alberta and Saskatchewan to the south. It possibly meets Manitoba at a quadripoint to the extreme southeast, though surveys have not been completed. It has a land area of 1,183,085 km2 (456,792 sq mi).Geographical features include Great Bear Lake, the largest lake entirely within Canada, and Great Slave Lake, the deepest body of water in North America at 614 m (2,014 ft), as well as the Mackenzie River and the canyons of the Nahanni National Park Reserve, a national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site. Territorial islands in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago include Banks Island, Borden Island, Prince Patrick Island, and parts of Victoria Island and Melville Island. Its highest point is Mount Nirvana near the border with Yukon at an elevation of 2,773 m (9,098 ft).
Milingimbi Airport is an airport located east northeast of Milingimbi on Milingimbi Island, Northern Territory in Australia. The airport received funding for security upgrades in 2006.
Hinagdanan Cave is a cave in the municipality of Dauis on Panglao Island, in Bohol Province, in the Philippines. It is a naturally lighted cavern with a deep lagoon and many large stalactites and stalagmites.
Sjernarøy is a former municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The island municipality existed from 1868 until its dissolution in 1965. The municipality was located in the Boknafjorden in the present-day municipality of Finnøy. The administrative centre of the municipality was located on the island of Kyrkjøy, where the Sjernarøy Church is located.
Coloane Park is a large park located on the southern section of Coloane Island in the former Portuguese colony of Macau, now a Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.
Following capture and occupation by the United States during World War II, the Marshall Islands, along with several other island groups located in Micronesia, passed formally to the United States under United Nations auspices in 1947 as part of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands established pursuant to Security Council Resolution 21.
Eleven states and two federal territories are located on the Malay Peninsula, collectively called Peninsular Malaysia (Semenanjung Malaysia) or West Malaysia. Two states  are on the island of Borneo, and the remaining one federal territory consists of islands offshore of Borneo; they are collectively referred to as East Malaysia or Malaysian Borneo. Out of the 13 states in Malaysia, 9 are hereditary monarchies.
Poronaysky District () is an administrative district (raion) of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia; one of the seventeen in the oblast. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Poronaysky Urban Okrug. It is located in the eastern central part of the Island of Sakhalin. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Poronaysk. Population (excluding the administrative center):
Each state and major mainland territory has its own parliament — unicameral in the Northern Territory, the ACT and Queensland, and bicameral in the other states. The states are sovereign entities, although subject to certain powers of the Commonwealth as defined by the Constitution. The lower houses are known as the Legislative Assembly (the House of Assembly in South Australia and Tasmania); the upper houses are known as the Legislative Council. The head of the government in each state is the Premier and in each territory the Chief Minister. The Queen is represented in each state by a governor; and in the Northern Territory, the Administrator. In the Commonwealth, the Queen's representative is the Governor-General.The Commonwealth Parliament also directly administers the following external territories: Ashmore and Cartier Islands; Australian Antarctic Territory; Christmas Island; Cocos (Keeling) Islands; Coral Sea Islands; Heard Island and McDonald Islands; and Jervis Bay Territory, a naval base and sea port for the national capital in land that was formerly part of New South Wales. The external territory of Norfolk Island previously exercised considerable autonomy under the Norfolk Island Act 1979 through its own legislative assembly and an Administrator to represent the Queen. In 2015, the Commonwealth Parliament abolished self-government, integrating Norfolk Island into the Australian tax and welfare systems and replacing its legislative assembly with a council. Macquarie Island is administered by Tasmania, and Lord Howe Island by New South Wales.
Poum is a commune in the North Province of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The town of Poum (Latitude: 20° 13' 59" south, longitude: 164° 1' 23" east) is located in the far northwest, located on the southern part of Banare Bay, with Mouac Island just offshore.
Cape Fourcroy Light is an active lighthouse located on Cape Fourcroy, on the southwestern tip of Bathurst Island, Northern Territory, Australia. The lighthouse marks the beginning of the route from the Timor Sea to Darwin.
Huahine is an island located among the Society Islands, in French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. It is part of the Leeward Islands group "(Îles sous le Vent)." At the 2017 census it had a population of 6,075.
Bansaan is a boomerang-shaped island located in the off the mid-northern coast of Bohol Island, . It is part of the municipality of Talibon, province.
Khong Island or Don Khong is the largest island and the seat of administration in the Si Phan Don riverine archipelago located in the Mekong River, Khong District, Champasak Province, southern Laos.
Tumaraa is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The commune of Tumaraa is located on the island of Raiatea, in the administrative subdivision of the Leeward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands. At the 2017 census it had a population of 3,721, making it the least populous commune on Raiatea.