Opening Day of Close-Up () is a 1996 Italian short film directed by Nanni Moretti. It was screened out of competition at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
The band split up in 2004, and lead singer Raul Malo released six solo albums. Bass player Robert Reynolds and keyboardist Jerry Dale McFadden co-founded the 'supergroup' SWAG, along with Ken Coomer of Wilco, Tom Petersson of Cheap Trick, and Doug Powell. In 2012, the band announced plans for several reunion festival dates. Shortly after, they were offered a record deal by Big Machine Records. Their reunion album In Time, was released in February 2013, and another album, Mono, on 17 February 2015.
April () is a 1998 Italian semi-autobiographical film directed by Nanni Moretti. Moretti also played the central character, a filmmaker who has to deal with Italy's political situation, his own goals as an artist and becoming a father.
Michael "Mike" Rowe is an American television writer, producer and comedian. He has written for "Becker", "The Nanny", "Futurama", "Paranormal Action Squad" and "Family Guy", as well as writing the episode of "The PJs", "A Race to His Credit".
Deanwood is a neighborhood in Northeast Washington, D.C., bounded by Eastern Avenue to the northeast, Kenilworth Avenue to the northwest, Division Avenue to the southeast, and Nannie Helen Burroughs Avenue to the south.
The 25th Torino Film Festival was held 23 November – 1 December 2007 in Turin, Italy and was directed by Nanni Moretti.
All My Friends Part 2 () is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. It is the sequel to "Amici miei" of 1975. The movie features Paolo Stoppa in one of his last roles. The last chapter of this saga is "Amici miei - Atto III", directed by Nanni Loy (1985).
The New Road is a historical novel by the Scottish writer Neil Munro, which was adapted as a television serial by the BBC. Munro is now mainly remembered as the creator of the comic character Para Handy, but this is regarded as the best of his serious novels.
Legacies is an American television drama series that premiered on October 25, 2018, on The CW. It is a spinoff of The Originals. It was created by Julie Plec, creator of The Originals and co-creator of The Vampire Diaries, and stars Danielle Rose Russell and Matt Davis.
Scugnizzi is a 1989 Italian musical drama, directed by Nanni Loy. The film is also called "Street Kids" in the American market.
Nanny Plum is Holly, Daisy and Poppy's nanny and 'teacher', and a general housekeeper for the King and Queen. She is very good at magic and capable of speaking many animal languages (including ones which she claims to be a bit difficult such as Mole, Aardvark, Ant, Centipede and Alien). She often ends up in all kinds of trouble when trying to help Holly and friends. She is also a tooth fairy. Although being quite bossy, she is very good at cleaning with magic. She rivals the Wise Old Elf mainly due to their differing opinions over the use of magic. She is a teacher at the Fairy School and also works as a maid. Nanny Plum is voiced by Sarah Ann Kennedy.
The reunion took place at Fran Drescher's oceanside home in California. The entire cast was present except for Daniel Davis, who was performing in the musical "La Cage aux Folles" on Broadway at the time and was unable to attend.
Ann Hampton Callaway (born May 30, 1958) is a jazz singer, songwriter, and actress. She wrote and sang the theme song for the TV series The Nanny.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (released in the United States and Canada as Nanny McPhee Returns) is a 2010 fantasy comedy family film directed by Susanna White, produced by Tim Bevan, Eric Fellner and Lindsay Doran with music by James Newton Howard and co-produced by StudioCanal, Relativity Media, Working Title Films and Three Strange Angels. It is a sequel to the 2005 film "Nanny McPhee". It was adapted by Emma Thompson from Christianna Brand's "Nurse Matilda" books. Thompson reprises her role as Nanny McPhee, and the film also stars Maggie Gyllenhaal, Ralph Fiennes, Rhys Ifans, Ewan McGregor, Asa Butterfield and Maggie Smith. The film was theatrically released on August 20, 2010 by Universal Pictures.
Mok Kwai-lan (; October 15, 1892 – November 3, 1982) was the fourth spouse of Lingnan martial arts grandmaster Wong Fei-hung.
In Edwardian London, 1910, Bert entertains a crowd as a one - man band when he senses a change in the wind. Afterwards, he directly addresses the audience, and gives them a tour of Cherry Tree Lane, stopping outside the Banks family's home. George Banks returns home to learn from Winifred that Katie Nanna has left their service after Jane and Michael ran away again. They are returned shortly after by Constable Jones, who reveals the children were chasing a lost kite. The children ask their father to help build a better kite, but he dismisses them. Taking it upon himself to hire a new nanny, Mr. Banks advertises for a stern, no - nonsense nanny. Instead, Jane and Michael present their own advertisement for a kinder, sweeter nanny. Mr. Banks rips up the letter, and throws the scraps in the fireplace, but the remains of the advertisement magically float up, and out into the air.
The Watch House is a 1977 fiction book by Robert Westall. The main story is about a teenager called Anne, who is left to spend the summer with her mother's old nanny. While there she explores the watch house, writes a guidebook for the watch house and is haunted by a ghost. It is split up into three parts.
George Washington Sprott (6 March 1829 – 27 October 1909) was Scottish minister and liturgical scholar, known as an advocate of reform of the services of the Church of Scotland, and of its reunion with the Free Church of Scotland.
Audace colpo dei soliti ignoti (also known as "Fiasco in Milan" or "Hold-up à la milanaise") is a 1959 Italian comedy crime film directed by Nanni Loy. The film stars Vittorio Gassman, Renato Salvatori and Claudia Cardinale.
"Happily Divorced" is an American sitcom created for TV Land by Fran Drescher and Peter Marc Jacobson, based upon their own real-life experiences. It is TV Land's third sitcom after "Hot in Cleveland" and "Retired at 35". Fran Drescher stars as Fran, a Los Angeles florist who finds out her husband Peter (John Michael Higgins), to whom she has been married for eighteen years, is gay. Naturally, they get a divorce but, because of their tight financial situation, they continue to live in the same house together. The series is based on Drescher and Jacobson's real-life divorce and his eventual coming out. The series ran from June 15, 2011 to February 13, 2013. On August 23, 2013, TV Land cancelled the series after two seasons. A total of thirty-four episodes were produced and aired.