The company received a Royal Charter from Queen Elizabeth I on 31 December 1600, making it the oldest among several similarly formed European East India Companies. Wealthy merchants and aristocrats owned the company's shares. Initially the government owned no shares and had only indirect control.
Vestergaard is a company headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland that manufactures public health tools for people in developing countries. Founded as Vestergaard Frandsen in 1957 as a uniform maker, the company evolved into a social enterprise making products for humanitarian aid in the 1990s. It is now best known for inventing the LifeStraw water filter and the PermaNet mosquito net.
GEPetrol is the national oil company of the Equatorial Guinea. The company was founded in 2002 after the writing of a presidential decree. The company reports to the Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy. GEPetrol's director is Antonio Engonga Oburu. The company maintains offices in Malabo and in London.
In 1892, the brand Poggenpohl was established as a white lacquer furniture company founded by Freidemir Poggenpohl. Poggenpohl was successful with introducing ergonomic work-top heights, and storage innovations aimed at improving the kitchen. In 1923, Poggenpohl introduced a free-standing commodious cupboard called "The Ideal" which was also adopted by American cabinet manufacturer Kitchen Maid. The Poggenpohl cupboard was the forerunner of "The Fitted Kitchen" in the "Era of the Commodious Cupboard". The company continued to create new products and techniques; in 1928, it introduced the reform kitchen, a significant innovation in the industry, and in 1930, it created the 'ten-layer polished lacquer technique'.
The Hale & Kilburn company of Philadelphia was a furniture manufacturing company founded by Henry S. Hale and Cheney Kilburn. The Hale & Kilburn company's primary business was the production of railroad car seats for the greatly expanding American railroad companies. The Hale & Kilburn company was sold to J.P. Morgan & Co. in 1911 for $9 million.
Hamaar Sautan Hamaar Saheli follows the journey of two women in rural North India. Chanda is a lively tribal girl who is forcefully married off by her alcoholic father to the elder, womanizing Thakur Nirbhay Singh. After marriage, Chanda discovers that Nirbhay is already married to the docile and submissive Asha. This is a story of how the two women unite to fight against the man who has deceived them both.
Nirbhay (Sanskrit:"Dauntless/Fearless") is a long range, all-weather, subsonic cruise missile designed and developed in India by the Defence Research and Development Organisation. The missile can be launched from multiple platforms and is capable of carrying conventional and nuclear warheads. It is currently under development and undergoing flight trials.
Hyderabad's role in the pearl trade has given it the name "City of Pearls" and up until the 18th century, the city was also the only global trading centre for large diamonds. Industrialisation began under the Nizams in the late 19th century, helped by railway expansion that connected the city with major ports. From the 1950s to the 1970s, Indian enterprises, such as Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), Nuclear Fuel Complex (NFC), National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC), Bharat Electronics (BEL), Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL), Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD), State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) and Andhra Bank (AB) were established in the city. The city is home to Hyderabad Securities formerly known as Hyderabad Stock Exchange (HSE), and houses the regional office of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). In 2013, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) facility in Hyderabad was forecast to provide operations and transactions services to BSE-Mumbai by the end of 2014. The growth of the financial services sector has helped Hyderabad evolve from a traditional manufacturing city to a cosmopolitan industrial service centre. Since the 1990s, the growth of information technology (IT), IT-enabled services (ITES), insurance and financial institutions has expanded the service sector, and these primary economic activities have boosted the ancillary sectors of trade and commerce, transport, storage, communication, real estate and retail.
Old Mother Riley's Circus is a 1941 British comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Arthur Lucan, Kitty McShane and John Longden. Old Mother Riley takes over a struggling circus and makes a huge success of it. The trade ad poster proclaims, "A LAUGH - A YELL - A ROAR - A LUCANQUAKE!" The film was made at the Rock Studios in Elstree by British National Films. It was the final film by Bentley, who had been a leading British director during the silent era and early sound era.
In 1929, ARC was founded through a merger of several smaller record companies, which, ultimately, transformed into one enterprise known as SME. In the depths of the Great Depression, the Columbia Phonograph Company (founded in 1888) in the U.S. (including its Okeh Records subsidiary) was acquired by ARC in 1934.
James Ware, M.D., F.R.S. (1756–1815) was an English eye surgeon, and Fellow of the Royal Society, who practiced in London during the Georgian era. He is considered one of the founding fathers of modern ophthalmology in Britain.
The Era of Good Feelings marked a period in the political history of the United States that reflected a sense of national purpose and a desire for unity among Americans in the aftermath of the War of 1812. The era saw the collapse of the Federalist Party and an end to the bitter partisan disputes between it and the dominant Democratic - Republican Party during the First Party System. President James Monroe strove to downplay partisan affiliation in making his nominations, with the ultimate goal of national unity and eliminating parties altogether from national politics. The period is so closely associated with Monroe's presidency (1817 -- 1825) and his administrative goals that his name and the era are virtually synonymous.
In the 1930s, record companies began issuing collections of 78 rpm records by one performer or of one type of music in specially assembled albums, typically with artwork on the front cover and liner notes on the back or inside cover. Most albums included three or four records, with two sides each, making six or eight tunes per album. When the 12-inch vinyl LP era began in 1949, the single record often had the same or similar number of tunes as a typical album of 78s, and was still often referred to as an "album".
The North British and Mercantile Insurance Company was a British-based company founded in 1809 in Edinburgh and absorbed as a subsidiary of the Commercial Union in 1959. The company was also known as the North British Insurance Company, North British Fire Office and North British Fire Insurance Company.
Part of a series on the History of the NHL National Hockey League Founding (1917 -- 1942) Original Six (1942 -- 1967) Expansion era (1967 -- 1992) Modern era (1992 -- present) Ice hockey portal
Nydalens Compagnie was a company in Nydalen, Oslo, Norway. It was founded in 1845 as a textile manufacturer, and from 1963 to 1998 it was a real estate company.
Ella Spira is a composer based in London, United Kingdom. Spira co-founded the Production Company 'Sisters Grimm', alongside former Royal Ballet ballerina Pietra Mello-Pittman. Spira writes and composes music for ballet and film, and also works as an arranger making dance remixes for popular UK artists. She was born in Gloucester, and was mentored by film composer David Arnold.
Cellius (株式会社セリウス "Kabushiki-Gaisha Seriusu"), located in Shibuya, Tokyo, was a computer game developer founded in 2007 as a venture between Sony and Bandai Namco Holdings. The aim of the company is to "help take share from Microsoft Corp. and Nintendo Co." Sony hopes that the company will make up for the losses it made during quarter two of its financial year. 'Father of the PlayStation' Ken Kutaragi was announced as CEO.
A National School of Drama, New Delhi alumnus, Om Shivpuri became the first chief of the National School of Drama Repertory Company (1964) and one of its actors; he later founded an important theatre group of its era, in New Delhi: Dishantar.
GeminiJets is a diecast model airplane manufacturer based in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States founded in 1998 under the name of SkyJets. The product line is named GeminiJets, but ADI (Airliners Distributing Inc.) is the founding company holding the production licenses from airlines and aircraft manufacturers, including but not limited to Boeing, Airbus, McDonnell Douglas, and Embraer. ADI makes and markets aircraft in several different scales.