The moonwalk is a dance move in which the dancer moves backwards while seemingly walking forwards. A popping move, it became popular around the world after Michael Jackson performed the dance move during a performance of ``Billie Jean ''on Motown 25: Yesterday, Today, Forever on March 25, 1983. This special was broadcast May 16, 1983. It subsequently became his signature move.
Nevels Corners is an unincorporated community in the town of Dayton, Richland County, Wisconsin, United States. The community was named after George W. Nevel, who had moved from Pennsylvania in the 1850s and established a farm in the area.
The Pontiac Bonneville Special is a purpose-built concept car unveiled at the General Motors Motorama in 1954, the first 2-seater sports car Pontiac had ever produced. Conceived by renowned designer Harley J. Earl and hand built by Homer C. LaGassey Jr. and Paul Gilland, the "Special" is a grand touring sport coupé that incorporated innovative styling like a Plexiglas canopy with gull-wing windows on a sleek fiberglass body. The name "Bonneville" was meant to convey high performance, inspired by a trip Earl had taken to Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah to observe speed trials there. It was the first GM vehicle to carry the name, subsequently given to the Division's full-size performance car, the Bonneville, which carried it for 47 years.
Saida Miller Khalifa is an author and convert to Islam. She was born Sonya Miller in Great Britain and converted in 1959. She met her husband, an Egyptian professor named Yusry Khalifa, a year later after having taken the name "Saida". They both went on the Hajj in 1970, three years after moving to Cairo. Saida then published a short narrative of the trip entitled "The Fifth Pillar of Islam".
Chen's father Chen Qiang named him Chen Peisi after Pest, when he performed "The White-Haired Girl" in Budapest, Hungary in 1951. The pronunciation of "Budapest" in Mandarin Chinese is "". Chen's father named his elder brother Chen Buda ().
Harrison Tare Okiri, better known by his stage name Harrysong, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter and instrumentalist who rose to fame after his tribute song to Nelson Mandela won the "Most Downloaded Callertune Award" at The Headies 2013. Harrysong was born in Warri, Delta State, Nigeria to Ijaw parents but moved to Lagos in 2007 after spending some of his early life in Port Harcourt. Prior to signing to QuestionMark Entertainment, Harrysong used to perform at night clubs until he met Kcee who introduced him to top music personalities. In 2014, Harrysong was nominated in the "Best Pop/R&B Artist of the Year" category at the 2014 Nigeria Entertainment Awards after the release of his chart-topping song "Beta Pikin".
Born in Luanda and named after war hero Hoji-ya-Henda, Fortuna emigrated to Portugal at the age of 20. He worked as a model and DJ in parallel to his study of law at the Catholic University of Portugal in Porto, and eventually took up acting. In 2008, he followed his partner and now wife, travel writer Anja Mutic, to live in New York.
"Move Ya Body" is a song recorded by American duo Nina Sky. It was released in April 2004 as the lead single from their debut album, "Nina Sky". The song features rapper Jabba. There is a remix to the song with Jamaican deejay Vybz Kartel. The song became the duo's only solo single to reach the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100, as such Nina Sky is often regarded as a one hit wonder, though they did appear on N.O.R.E.s "Oye Mi Canto", which made it to number 12 on the Hot 100. The song ranked at number 250 on "Blender"s 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born. It was also featured as soundtrack in the 2012 film "Zero Dark Thirty".
She was born into a musical family in Chicago, Illinois, where she began her concert career at the age of seven. After completing her university and graduate studies in Chicago and Oberlin, Ohio, she moved to London to co-found the ensemble Trio Sonnerie (with Monica Huggett and Sarah Cunningham), with whom she performed and recorded extensively.
Nina Sky is an American female duo composed of identical twins Nicole and Natalie Albino (were born on March 13, 1984 in Puerto Rico). Their debut single "Move Ya Body", released from their self-titled debut album in 2004, was a success, reaching number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Their second album Nicole & Natalie was released on July 31, 2012. Their third studio album "Brightest Gold" was announced for 2016 release through Tommy Boy Entertainment.
Broomball Australia is the national governing body for the ice sport of broomball in Australia. It was incorporated in October 2004 after a number of years unofficially operating under other varied names, such as the "Australian Broomball Association". Broomball Australia is a member of the International Federation of Broomball Associations (IFBA).
Body Pressure is a 1974 performance piece by American artist Bruce Nauman. The performer is instructed to press their body against a wall in various positions; Nauman says that it "may become a very erotic exercise".
Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, Maiysha went to Sarah Lawrence College where she studied vocal performance as well as creative writing and race and gender studies. After graduating, Maiysha moved to New York City to teach at a private school in Manhattan. She also was signed to Ford Models.
During the later Pleistocene epoch, between 240,000 and 220,000 years ago, steppe wisent (B. priscus) migrated from Siberia into Alaska across the Bering Land Bridge. Bison priscus inhabited northern North America throughout the remainder of the Pleistocene. In western North America, B. priscus evolved into long-horned bison, B. latifrons, which then evolved into B. antiquus. The larger B. latifrons appears to have died out by about 20,000 ya. After the extinction of B. latifrons, B. antiquus became increasingly abundant in parts of midcontinent North America from 18,000 ya until about 10,000 ya, after which the species appears to have given rise to the living species, B. bison. B. antiquus is the most commonly recovered large mammalian herbivore from the La Brea tar pits.B. antiquus was taller, had larger bones and horns, and was 15-25% larger overall than modern bison. It reached up to 2.27 m (7.5 ft) tall, 4.6 m (15 ft) long, and a weight of 1,588 kg (3500 lb). From tip to tip, the horns of B. antiquus measured about 3 ft (nearly 1 m).
The series premiered on CBS on October 3, 1984, and aired initially on Wednesday nights at 8 PM paired with another new sitcom, "Dreams". Facing off against two hits in ABC's "The Fall Guy" and NBC's "Highway to Heaven", neither show performed well and "Charles in Charge" was moved to Saturday nights after the cancellation of "Dreams". CBS eventually decided to cancel the series after it made no improvement in the ratings after its move to Saturday, and "Charles in Charge" aired its final episode on April 3, 1985, in its original time slot.
The 1973–74 WHA season was the second season of the World Hockey Association. Twelve teams each played 78 games. The Philadelphia Blazers relocated to Vancouver, becoming the Vancouver Blazers. They were moved to the Western Division and Chicago moved to the East. The New York Raiders were renamed the New York Golden Blades and then moved to Cherry Hill, New Jersey to become the Jersey Knights after just 24 games. The Ottawa Nationals moved to Toronto and became the Toronto Toros. The Alberta Oilers changed their name to the Edmonton Oilers.
``Shake Ya Ass ''Single by Mystikal from the album Let's Get Ready B - side`` Shake It Fast'' Released July 18, 2000 (2000 - 07 - 18) Format Vinyl, CD Recorded Master Sound Studios (Virginia Beach, Virginia) Genre Hip hop Length 4: 20 Label Jive Songwriter (s) Michael Tyler, Pharrell Williams, Chad Hugo Producer (s) The Neptunes Mystikal singles chronology ``Live or Die ''(1999)`` Shake Ya Ass'' (2000) ``Danger (Been So Long) ''(2000)`` Live or Die'' (1999) ``Shake Ya Ass ''(2000)`` Danger (Been So Long)'' (2000)
The Incredible Sound Machine is the fifth and final album by old school hip hop/electro funk group Mantronix, and the third Mantronix album released on Capitol Records. "The Incredible Sound Machine" featured new member, vocalist Jade Trini, who replaced D.J. D. Trini joined rapper Bryce "Luvah" Wilson (who made his debut on Mantronix's previous album, 1990's "This Should Move Ya"), and founding member, DJ Kurtis Mantronik.
Intuition Peak (Vrah Intuitsiya \'vr&h in-tu-'i-tsi-ya\) is a sharp Antarctic peak of elevation 780 m in Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It is surmounting Iskar Glacier to the east and Devnya Valley to the west. The peak was named in appreciation of the role of scientific intuition for the advancement of human knowledge.
The fault was identified in 1895 by Professor Andrew Lawson of UC Berkeley, who discovered the northern zone. It is often described as having been named after San Andreas Lake, a small body of water that was formed in a valley between the two plates. However, according to some of his reports from 1895 and 1908, Lawson actually named it after the surrounding San Andreas Valley. Following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, Lawson concluded that the fault extended all the way into southern California.