Couple Week Result Ethan & Keyana Not A Match Anthony & Geles Not A Match Malcolm & Nurys Not A Match Dimitri & Nicole Not A Match Clinton & Uche 5 Not A Match Keith & Alexis 6 Not A Match Keith & Alivia 7 Not A Match Michael & Audrey 8 Not A Match Tyler & Nicole 9 Perfect Match Dimitri & Jada 10 Not A Match
Maurice Nicolle (1 March 1862 – 20 August 1932) was a French physician and microbiologist born in Rouen. He was the brother of biologist Charles Nicolle (1866–1936).
Chen's father Chen Qiang named him Chen Peisi after Pest, when he performed "The White-Haired Girl" in Budapest, Hungary in 1951. The pronunciation of "Budapest" in Mandarin Chinese is "". Chen's father named his elder brother Chen Buda ().
After Sundown is a 2006 American horror-Western film directed by Christopher Abram and Michael W. Brown, written by Abram, and starring Susana Gibb, Reece Rios, Natalie Jones, and co-directors Brown and Abram. A vampire gunslinger from the Old West terrorizes a modern-day town when his bride is revived.
Contestant Outcome Alan Anderson, 38 10th Sean Avram, 39 9th Angela Roberts, 22 8th Mythica Von Griffyn, 43 7th Felle Kelsaw, 41 6th Lawrence ``Gear ''Duran, 35 5th Nicole Hays, 29 4th Dutch Bihary, 41 3rd Shannon Holt, 38 Runner - Up Natalie Fletcher, 28 Winner
Nina Sky is an American female duo composed of identical twins Nicole and Natalie Albino (were born on March 13, 1984 in Puerto Rico). Their debut single "Move Ya Body", released from their self-titled debut album in 2004, was a success, reaching number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Their second album Nicole & Natalie was released on July 31, 2012. Their third studio album "Brightest Gold" was announced for 2016 release through Tommy Boy Entertainment.
George Lucas, Rick McCallum, and casting director Robin Gurland auditioned over 200 actresses for the part of Padmé Amidala. They chose 16 - year - old actress Natalie Portman to play the role. According to The Phantom Menace production notes, ``The role required a young woman who could be believable as the ruler of that planet, but at the same time be vulnerable and open. ''Portman's performances in The Professional (1994) and Beautiful Girls (1996) impressed Lucas. He stated,`` I was looking for someone who was young, strong, along the lines of Leia. Natalie embodied all those traits and more.''
Rabbit Hole is a 2010 American tragedy film starring Nicole Kidman, Aaron Eckhart, and Dianne Wiest, and directed by John Cameron Mitchell; the screenplay is an adaptation by David Lindsay-Abaire of his 2006 play of the same name. Kidman produced the project via her company, Blossom Films. The film premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2010. Lionsgate distributed the film. The plot deals with a couple struggling to heal after the death of their young son. It received a limited release in the United States on December 17, 2010 and expanded nationwide on January 14, 2011. Kidman was critically acclaimed for her performance as Becca Corbett and received Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations for Best Actress. However, the film was a box office flop, grossing only $5.1 million against its $3 million budget.
The Beckmann rearrangement, named after the German chemist Ernst Otto Beckmann (1853–1923), is a rearrangement of an oxime functional group to substituted amides. The rearrangement has also been successful performed on haloimines and nitrones. Cyclic oximes and haloimines yield lactams.
Natalie Morales as Anne Garcia, a sheriff's deputy, Dan's partner, and very religious. She becomes romantically involved with Lisa after Dan goes missing.
Several films have featured their songs performed by other artists. A version of "Somebody to Love" by Anne Hathaway was in the 2004 film Ella Enchanted. In 2006, Brittany Murphy also recorded a cover of the same song for the 2006 film Happy Feet. In 2001, a version of "The Show Must Go On" was performed by Jim Broadbent and Nicole Kidman in the film musical Moulin Rouge!. The 2001 film A Knight's Tale has a version of "We Are the Champions" performed by Robbie Williams and Queen; the film also features "We Will Rock You" played by the medieval audience.
"Whatever U Like" is a song by American recording artist Nicole Scherzinger, featuring rapper T.I.. The duo, along with Sean Garrett and Polow da Don, composed the song for Scherzinger's planned debut studio album "Her Name Is Nicole". Interscope Records released "Whatever U Like" as Scherzinger's solo debut single on July 30, 2007.
Nicole Owen is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks", played by Ciara Janson. First appearing in 2004, Janson left the soap on 25 September 2006, making a brief return on 10 July 2007 until she left again on 13 July 2007. In 2019, it was confirmed that Nicole would be returning for her nephew, Max McQueen.
The song's popularity also led the Moody Blues to name one of their live albums after it. "" was recorded at a performance at the Greek Theater, and was released in 2005, with the song "Lovely to See You" as the lead track. The song was the first to be played at the launch of the Bournemouth (UK) radio station 2CR.
In 1800 Emma Nicol was born, she was the first of four daughters of Sarah Bezra Nicol and her husband who were to become actresses.
Erotic Inferno is a 1975 British sex film, directed by Trevor Wrenn, and starring Chris Chittell, Karl Lanchbury, Jennifer Westbrook, Heather Deeley and Mary Millington (under her married name Mary Maxted). It is also known by the alternative title Adam and Nicole.
Their relationship moves quickly. But Serena is also in town for other motives. She has orders to retrieve a piece of artwork that Eric acquired when the two of them were in Africa, that contains smuggled diamonds. Eric's relationship with Serena is bothersome to Nicole and she tries and fails several times to break it up. Eric later breaks up with Serena after discovering that she slept with her boss, Xander Cook. Later, Eric and Nicole are locked in the basement of the news station by Xander. Facing death, Eric and Nicole share a tender moment, and they realize they still have feelings for each other. But Nicole is engaged to Daniel Jonas, and when Eric and Nicole escape the basement, Nicole breaks things off with Eric, leaving him devastated. In August 2015, Eric finds Serena strangled to death in the park (she is the first victim of the Necktie Killer). Eric begins to drink. In January 2016, while driving drunk, he causes a car accident injuring himself, Brady and Jennifer Horton and killing his best friend Daniel Jonas. In April 2016, Eric is sentenced to five years in prison for vehicular manslaughter.
Natalie Horler was born in Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany to British parents who had moved to Germany in 1980. Her father, David Horler, is a jazz musician and her mother, Christine, is a foreign languages teacher. Horler grew up with her 2 siblings. Natalie soon began singing jazz songs in her father's studio as well as songs from Disney movies.
Katarina Konstantinović (Serbian Cyrillic; Катарина Константиновић; 1848–1910) was a Serbian noblewoman and a descendant of the Obrenović dynasty as the daughter of Princess Anka Obrenović. She was also the first cousin of King Milan I to whom she acted as his "de facto" first lady of the royal court after the Queen, Natalie Keshko, separated from him.
Nicole and Natalie is the second studio album by the New York City-based duo Nina Sky. It was released on July 31, 2012. Three singles were released from the album: "Day Dreaming", "Heartbeat" and "Comatose". One of the most known songs from the album is the opening track "Starting Today". The song was recorded in 2007 for their unreleased album with the same name. On February 2, 2012, Nina Sky released the lead single from their upcoming second studio album, Nicole and Natalie. The single, entitled "Day Dreaming", was produced by Beau Vallis. The video for the song, directed by Adam Sauermilch, was released on February 28. On June 14, the band released "Heartbeat", the second single from the new album. A month later, on July 27, the video for "Heartbeat" was released. Concerning the video, the band stated: "We knew we wanted it to be more about the feeling of the song and less about the story. The colors, environment, and everyone dancing in their own element creates this surreal feeling of freedom. It’s just about listening to the rhythm inside you and letting that rhythm guide you." On July 31 the album was released. On June 9, 2012, Nina Sky also performed at OUT/LOUD Queer Women's Music Festival in Eugene, Oregon alongside artists such as Krudas Cubensi, Tender Forever and Andrea Gibson.