``Gold ''one - dollar and two - dollar coins were introduced in the 1980s. The one - dollar coin was introduced in 1984, to replace the banknote of the same value. The two - dollar coin, also replacing a banknote, was introduced in 1988. These have content of 2% nickel, 6% aluminium and 92% copper. Thus, all Australian coins in use currently are composed of more than half copper. The two - dollar coin is smaller in diameter than the one - dollar coin, but the two - dollar is slightly thicker.
Chester Alan Arthur II, also known as Alan Arthur, (July 25, 1864 – July 18, 1937) was a son of President Chester A. Arthur. He studied at Princeton University and Columbia University's Law School. After completing his studies, Arthur traveled throughout Europe for 10 years. In 1900 he married in Switzerland and moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado to improve his health.
Chester "Chet" Arthur Stiles (born September 14, 1970 in Louisville, Kentucky) is an American criminal who gained notoriety after he appeared in video clips of himself raping and sexually abusing a girl who was three years old at the time. The video was made in 2003 but surfaced in the Nevada desert in 2007. Based in Pahrump, Nevada, both the FBI and the Las Vegas Police launched a nationwide manhunt which led to his capture. He was caught and appeared in court on October 17, 2007.
The Immigration Act of 1882 was a United States federal law signed by President Chester A. Arthur on August 3, 1882. It imposed a head tax on noncitizens of the United States who came to American ports and restricted certain classes of people from immigrating to America, including criminals, the insane, or ``any person unable to take care of him or herself. ''The act created what is recognized as the first federal immigration bureaucracy and laid the foundation for more regulations on immigration, such as the Immigration Act of 1891.
Chester is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 4,768 at the 2010 census. It was home to the now defunct Chester College (formerly White Pines College).
The United States Mint produces Proof Sets specifically for collectors and speculators. Silver Proofs tend to be the standard designs but with the dime, quarter, and half dollar containing 90% silver. Starting in 1983 and ending in 1997, the Mint also produced proof sets containing the year's commemorative coins alongside the regular coins. Another type of proof set is the Presidential Dollar Proof Set where four special $1 coins are minted each year featuring a president. Because of budget constraints and increasing stockpiles of these relatively unpopular coins, the production of new Presidential dollar coins for circulation was suspended on December 13, 2011, by U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner. Future minting of such coins will be made solely for collectors.
The coin was introduced on 15 June 1998 (coins minted 1997) after a review of the United Kingdom's coinage decided that a general - circulation £2 coin was needed. The new Bi-metallic coin design replaced a series of commemorative, uni-metallic coins which were issued between 1986 and 1996 to celebrate special occasions. Although legal tender, these coins have never been common in everyday circulation.
Popcorn is a 1967 jazz album by vocalist Luiz Henrique and organist Walter Wanderley with band on Verve Records. The album features Luiz Henrique, guitar and vocals, Walter Wanderley, organ; Sivuca, accordion; Romeo Penque, flute, Affonso de Paula, percussion, with James Kappes, Gary Chester, or Donald MacDonald on drums.
Since 28 March 2017, two versions of the one pound coin have been in circulation -- the original round design and a new dodecagonal (12 - sided) design. As of March 2014 there were an estimated 1,553 million round £1 coins in circulation, of which the Royal Mint estimated in 2014 that 3.04% (i.e. about 47 million) were counterfeit. In an effort to counter this, the Royal Mint introduced the new 12 - sided coin, which is bimetallic like the current £2 coin, and features an undisclosed hidden security feature called 'iSIS' (Integrated Secure Identification Systems). The round pound will remain in circulation until 15 October 2017. After that date, the older coin can only be redeemed at banks.
Technically, all these coins are still legal tender at face value, though some are far more valuable today for their numismatic value, and for gold and silver coins, their precious metal value. From 1965 to 1970 the Kennedy half dollar was the only circulating coin with any silver content, which was removed in 1971 and replaced with cupronickel. However, since 1992, the U.S. Mint has produced special Silver Proof Sets in addition to the regular yearly proof sets with silver dimes, quarters, and half dollars in place of the standard copper-nickel versions. In addition, an experimental $4.00 (Stella) coin was also minted in 1879, but never placed into circulation, and is properly considered to be a pattern rather than an actual coin denomination.
Chester is an unincorporated community in Fremont County, Idaho, United States. Chester is located on U.S. Route 20 northeast of St. Anthony. Chester has a post office with ZIP code 83421.
The British one pound (£1) coin is a denomination of the pound sterling. Its obverse bears the Latin engraving DG REG ``Dei Gratia Regina ''meaning,`` By the grace of God, Queen'' and FD meaning Fidei defensor, Defender of the Faith. It has featured the profile of Queen Elizabeth II since the coin's introduction on 21 April 1983. Four different portraits of the Queen have been used, with the latest design by Jody Clark being introduced in 2015. The design on the reverse side of the new 2017 coin features four emblems to represent each of the nations of the United Kingdom -- the English rose, the leek for Wales, the Scottish thistle, and the shamrock for Northern Ireland -- emerging from a single stem within a crown.
Focus is an album by American jazz saxophonist Chico Freeman featuring Arthur Blythe recorded in 1994 and released on the Contemporary label.
The British five pound (£5) coin is a commemorative denomination of the pound sterling. Its obverse has featured the profile of Queen Elizabeth II since the coin's introduction in 1990. Two different portraits of the Queen have graced the coin, with the latest design by Ian Rank - Broadley being introduced in 1998. The coin has no standard reverse; instead it is altered each year to commemorate important events. Variant obverses have also been used on occasion.
In 2007, the United States Mint began releasing a set of half-ounce $10 gold coins under the First Spouse Program with engravings of portraits of the First Ladies on the obverse. When a President served without a spouse, a gold coin was issued that bears an obverse image emblematic of Liberty as depicted on a circulating coin of that era and a reverse image emblematic of themes of that President's life. This is true for the coins for Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, Martin Van Buren, and James Buchanan's First Ladies, but not the coin for Chester A. Arthur's First Lady, which instead depicts suffragette Alice Paul.
Enon is a census-designated place (CDP) in Chesterfield County, Virginia, United States, just east of Chester. The population as of the 2010 Census was 3,466. It has the zip code 23836 and GPS coordinates 37.3504000, −77.3254000.
Dollar coins have not been very popular in the United States. Silver dollars were minted intermittently from 1794 through 1935; a copper-nickel dollar of the same large size, featuring President Dwight D. Eisenhower, was minted from 1971 through 1978. Gold dollars were also minted in the 19th century. The Susan B. Anthony dollar coin was introduced in 1979; these proved to be unpopular because they were often mistaken for quarters, due to their nearly equal size, their milled edge, and their similar color. Minting of these dollars for circulation was suspended in 1980 (collectors' pieces were struck in 1981), but, as with all past U.S. coins, they remain legal tender. As the number of Anthony dollars held by the Federal Reserve and dispensed primarily to make change in postal and transit vending machines had been virtually exhausted, additional Anthony dollars were struck in 1999. In 2000, a new $1 coin, featuring Sacagawea, (the Sacagawea dollar) was introduced, which corrected some of the problems of the Anthony dollar by having a smooth edge and a gold color, without requiring changes to vending machines that accept the Anthony dollar. However, this new coin has failed to achieve the popularity of the still-existing $1 bill and is rarely used in daily transactions. The failure to simultaneously withdraw the dollar bill and weak publicity efforts have been cited by coin proponents as primary reasons for the failure of the dollar coin to gain popular support.
The British decimal five pence (5p) coin -- often pronounced five pee -- is a unit of currency equaling five one - hundredths of a pound sterling. Its obverse has featured the profile of Queen Elizabeth II since the coin's introduction on 23rd April 1968, replacing the shilling in preparation for decimalisation in 1971. A smaller version of the coin was introduced in June 1990 with the older coins being withdrawn on 31st December 1990. Four different portraits of the Queen have been used, with the latest design by Jody Clark being introduced in 2015. The second and current reverse, featuring a segment of the Royal Shield, was introduced in 2008.
The Valley of Fear is a British silent adventure film of 1916 directed by Alexander Butler and starring Harry Arthur Saintsbury, Daisy Burrell and Booth Conway. The film is an adaptation of "The Valley of Fear", a novel by Arthur Conan Doyle published in 1915 and featuring Sherlock Holmes. This is now considered a lost film.
Paulsdale, in Mount Laurel Township, New Jersey, was the birthplace and childhood home of Alice Paul, a major leader in the Women's suffrage movement in the United States. Paulsdale was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1991.