Necessary Records is a record label based in the UK, founded by Warren Clarke, a former A&R executive at London Records and Edel, in 2003. Clarke describes that the label was born out of a creative necessity. "It's an outlet for records that should and must be heard. An outlet for artists that deserve to and will, touch the widest possible audience."
The label was previously known as TRC from 1995 until 2003. The decision for Triumph to launch their own label came after the band's 10 year/5 album contract with MCA Records expired at the end of 1994. Subsequently, all of Triumph's albums were re-released on the TRC imprint using the 1980s remasters. Then in 2003, TRC changed its name to TML Entertainment with the release of Triumph's live album and DVD Live at the US Festival. Over the last few years, TML has re-released the whole catalog with new remastered versions done in 2004/2005 and the concert DVD "A Night with Triumph". Universal Music Group distributes the band's label in Canada and ADA (a small subsidiary of the Warner Music Group) in the US.
Takara is an American rock band, formed in 1987 in Los Angeles, California. Since 1992, Takara has recorded 6 studio albums for several different record labels in the U.S., Europe, and Japan. Founding member and lead guitarist Neal Grusky, and bassist Carl Demarco have remained permanent fixtures in the band since its early days.
Biltmore Records was a United States based record label active from 1949 through 1951. The label was headquartered in New York City. Biltmore Records were often reissues of recordings no longer in the catalogues of other labels. When RCA Victor found out that Biltmore were making unauthorized reissues of material originally recorded by Victor, they sued Biltmore, putting Biltmore out of business.
Horse with a Heart is the first studio album by Altan, released in May 1989 on the Green Linnet Records label.
Nothing Records was an American record label specializing in industrial rock and electronic music, founded by John Malm Jr. and Trent Reznor in 1992. It is considered an example of a vanity label, where an artist is able to run a label with some degree of independence from within a larger parent company, in this case being Interscope Records.
The Autumn Offering was an American metal band that formed in Daytona Beach, Florida in 1999. After achieving some degree of local success, the band was signed to Stillborn Records, founded by Jamey Jasta of Hatebreed, in 2003. The band released one album through this label. The Autumn Offering later signed to Victory Records in 2005 and have since then released four studio albums.
Big Wide Grin is the sixth studio album by Keb' Mo', it was released in 2001 by the Sony Wonder record label.
Graeme Goodall (1932 – 3 December 2014) was an Australian recording engineer and record label owner who was a key figure in the early days of Jamaica's recording industry, constructing several of the Island's studios, co-founding Island Records, and operating other labels in the United Kingdom releasing Jamaican music.
The Institute was founded by Gil Moore (Inductee of the Mississauga Music Walk of Fame) of the Canadian rock band Triumph (inductees into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame), and is the educational extension of Metalworks Studios, Canada's largest music recording studio, and Metalworks Production Group. The institute offers online courses and 30-week, one and two year diploma programs in a variety of entertainment art disciplines. In 2016, Metalworks Institute received the inaugural Canadian Music & Broadcast Industry award for Music School of the Year.
Ace Fu Records is an independent record label founded in 1998 by Eric Speck. It is located in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. The label went on indefinite hiatus in 2007.
Wyatt was Chris Blackwell's first employee at Island Records London. Trevor drove the Island cab, delivering records to the stores as well as taking the artists around when they came to town. As Island grew, Trevor became the studio manager, UK A&R manager, and house producer, first in Island's Basing Street Studios and then at Island's HQ at St Peter's Square in Hammersmith. As such, he became a source of knowledge on who had recorded what in the studio and where their sessions could be found. Many compilations on the Island label existed purely because Trevor found material in the archives and brought it to the appropriate label manager's attention. He was responsible for the Island Reggae Greats series of releases, and also found many alternate takes and demos for box sets by Nick Drake and Sandy Denny.
Super Grit Cowboy Band is an American country music band formed in North Carolina. It was founded by Clyde Mattocks, Libby Mattocks, Bill Lyerly, Danny Vinson, Dave Cavanaugh and Alfred Ward. Active since 1974, the band recorded first with Sound Hut Studios. Beginning with their 1981 album, the band has recorded on its own Hoodswamp label.
Gramofon is a record label and event agency founded in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2003. It's the biggest music label of alternative music in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Raised on Radio is the ninth studio album by the American rock band Journey, released in April 1986 on the Columbia Records label. It is the only album to feature bassists Randy Jackson and Bob Glaub and drummer Larrie Londin and also the only album not to feature founding bassist Ross Valory.
Equity Music Group was an American country music record label founded in 2003 by singer Clint Black. The label was distributed by Koch Entertainment (now E1 Entertainment).
Exit 13 is the twelfth studio album by American rapper LL Cool J. It was released on September 9, 2008 on the record label Def Jam Recordings. This would be his last album release with the label.
Mona Bone Jakon is the third studio album released by singer-songwriter Cat Stevens, released in April 1970 on the Island Records label in the United Kingdom and on the A&M record label in the United States and Canada.
Sleaszy Rider Records is an independent record label which was founded in 1999 by Tolis G. Palantzas. The head office of the label is located in Greece. The label is mainly distributed in Europe by Sony Music/EMI. The label also distributes releases in Greece from numerous labels, including Roadrunner Records, SPV, and Pagan Records.
EmArcy Records is a jazz record label founded in 1954 by Mercury Records, and today a European jazz label owned by Universal Music Group. The name is a phonetic spelling of "MRC", the initials for Mercury Record Company.