The Kintersburg Covered Bridge is a covered bridge spanning Crooked Creek in Rayne Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania, United States. Built in 1877, it is one of four covered bridges in the county, and is the only one with a Howe truss design. It is . The Howe design is rather rare in covered bridges. The Kintersburg Bridge is one of only five in the state of Pennsylvania with that design. The other four are the McConnell's Mill Covered Bridge in Lawrence County, Mean's Ford Covered Bridge in Bucks County, St. Mary's Covered Bridge in Huntingdon County, and the Thomas Mill Covered Bridge in Philadelphia County.
This is a complete list of bridges and dams that span the Kiskiminetas River from its confluence at the Conemaugh River and Loyalhanna Creek to its mouth at the Allegheny River.
The Petroleum Street Bridge is a girder bridge connecting the North Side and South Side neighborhoods of Oil City, Pennsylvania and crosses the Allegheny River. The bridge sits just downstream from the confluence of Oil Creek and the Allegheny River. The 1995 structure carries two lanes of U.S. Route 62 and was built during a decade of major refurbishments of Upper Allegheny crossings. Previously, a 1910 truss bridge stood on the site; this structure replaced an earlier wooden bridge.
The Konrad Adenauer Bridge (in German: Konrad-Adenauer-Brücke) is one of two road bridges crossing the Rhine between the German cities of Mannheim and Ludwigshafen am Rhein. The other bridge is the Kurt Schumacher Bridge.
The Napan River in Canada is a tributary of the Miramichi River in New Brunswick, Canada. The river rises several kilometres southwest of Chatham in central Northumberland County and flows northeast into the Miramichi River at Napan Bay. Four bridges cross the river at various points: at Hannah Lane, Highway 11, Johnston Lane, and Highway 117. There was also once a crossing at White Lane. At one time, these bridges were covered, although all have been upgraded to steel and concrete structures.
The Marquette–Joliet Bridge is a bridge crossing the Mississippi River, connecting Marquette, Iowa and Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin. Local residents refer to the bridge as the Prairie Bridge or the Marquette Bridge; both terms are used equally.
The Burt Henry Covered Bridge, also known as the Henry Covered Bridge or just the Henry Bridge, is a covered bridge that spans the Walloomsac River near Bennington, Vermont. A Town lattice truss bridge, it carries River Road, just south of the village of North Bennington. Originally built about 1840, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as Bennington County's oldest covered bridge. It was rebuilt in 1989 by the Vermont Agency of Transportation.
The Warren Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the Mad River in Warren, Vermont on Covered Bridge Road. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The Port of Melbourne is Australia's busiest port for containerised and general cargo. It is located in Melbourne, Victoria, and covers an area at the mouth of the Yarra River, downstream of Bolte Bridge, which is at the head of Port Phillip, as well as several piers on the bay itself. Since 1 July 2003, the Port of Melbourne has been managed by the Port of Melbourne Corporation, a statutory corporation created by the State of Victoria.
Crum Creek (from the Dutch, meaning "crooked creek") is a creek in Delaware County and Chester County, Pennsylvania, flowing approximately , generally in a southward direction and draining into the Delaware River in Eddystone, Pennsylvania. It begins in a swamp (formerly a lake, dammed out) near Newtown Square, Pennsylvania along which several mills were established in the 19th century. Right afterward it crosses under Pennsylvania Route 29 and winds one and a half miles () downstream until it hits the hamlet of Crum Creek. It later flows into the Delaware River near Philadelphia.
Wami Bridge is a bridge in Tanzania that crosses the Wami River. It lies on the A14 highway between Chalinze and Segera junctions.
The Hartford Bridge, or Blue Bridge, is a single-span road bridge crossing the River Weaver at Hartford, Cheshire in England. The bridge is located on the A556 as part of the Northwich bypass.
The Diehls Covered Bridge, also known as Turner's Bridge, is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Harrison Township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania. It is a , Burr Truss bridge with a shallow gable roof, constructed in 1892. It crosses the Raystown Branch Juniata River. It is one of 15 historic covered bridges in Bedford County.
The Ledyard Bridge crosses the Connecticut River to connect Hanover, New Hampshire to Norwich, Vermont. It is the third bridge at this crossing to bear the name of the adventurer John Ledyard.
Blackfriars Railway Bridge is a railway bridge crossing the River Thames in London, between Blackfriars Bridge and the Millennium Bridge.
The Ducharme Bridge (French: "Pont Ducharme") is a covered bridge with a lattice truss structure, which crosses the Bostonnais River in the center of La Bostonnais, Quebec. The bridge was built in 1946 and it is long. It was classified as a historic monument in 2006, because it was a late example of an elaborated town bridge, a truss developed by the Departement of colonization of Quebec at the turn of the 20th century. It was named after Romulus Ducharme, MLA of Laviolette in 1936-1939 and 1944-1966.
The Taemas Bridge is a two-lane road bridge crossing the Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales, Australia. The bridge crosses on the river just before it enters Lake Burrinjuck, which has been created by the Burrinjuck Dam. The bridge is a key part of the road between Yass and Wee Jasper, and from there, to Tumut. The bridge is around 26 kilometres from Yass and 22 kilometres from Wee Jasper. The current bridge was completed in 1931 and is over 200 metres in length.
The Florenceville Bridge is a wooden covered bridge combined with a steel trusses which crosses the Saint John River at Florenceville, New Brunswick, Canada. Built in 1907, the 46.9 metre (154 foot) bridge has one wooden Howe truss span, four steel through trusses and one plate girder span. The bridge evolved from a five span uncovered Burr Truss bridge built in 1885. One Burr span was converted to a covered Howe truss and in 1907 the others were converted to steel trusses.
Bartram's Covered Bridge, a historic covered bridge built in 1860, uses a Burr Truss design and carried Goshen Road over Crum Creek on the border between Delaware County and Chester County, Pennsylvania. It is long and wide and is the only covered bridge remaining of the 30 which once stood in Delaware County. The bridge has slanted planks at each entrance and is the only covered bridge in Pennsylvania with this feature. According to an on-site marker from the Newtown Square Historical Preservation Society, the bridge was built to be "hi and wide as a load of hay" It was built by Ferdinand Wood and named for Mordecai Bartram.
The Goodpasture Bridge spans the McKenzie River near the community of Vida in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It is the second longest covered bridge and one of the most photographed covered bridges in the state. The Goodpasture Bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.