Chirakkalkulam is a small residential area near Kannur town of Kannur District, Kerala state, South India. Chirakkalkulam is located between Thayatheru and Kannur City. Chirakkalkulam's significance arises from the birth of the historic Arakkal Kingdom.
Meu Pedacinho de Chão (English: "My Little Piece of Ground") is a Brazilian telenovela written by Benedito Ruy Barbosa and directed by Luiz Fernando Carvalho produced and broadcast by Rede Globo. It aired from April 7 to August 1, 2014. Based on the 1971 telenovela of the same name created by Benedito Ruy Barbosa.
Fingerville is a Census-designated place located in Spartanburg County in the U.S. State of South Carolina. According to the 2010 United States Census, the population was 134.
However Cornelius Clifford places his birth no earlier than 296 and no later than 298, based on the fact that Athanasius indicates no first hand recollection of the Maximian persecution of 303, which he suggests Athanasius would have remembered if he had been ten years old at the time. Secondly, the Festal Epistles state that the Arians had accused Athanasius, among other charges, of not having yet attained the canonical age (30) and thus could not have been properly ordained as Patriarch of Alexandria in 328. The accusation must have seemed plausible. The Orthodox Church places his year of birth around 297.
Vera Begić (born March 17, 1982 in Rijeka, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is Croatian athlete specialized in discus throwing discipline. Since Vera's mother Jadranka Antunović also was a successful athlete and member of the national team in Yugoslavia (long jump, pentathlon), Vera has been connected to athletics from the early childhood. At the age of 12 she decided to take the discus throwing for her preferred athletic discipline, and soon achieved very good results in the junior level of competition.
Vila Franca de Xira () is a municipality in the Lisbon District in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 136,886, in an area of 318.19 km². Situated on both banks of the Tagus River, 32 km north-east of the Portuguese capital Lisbon, settlement in the area dates back to neolithic times, as evidenced by findings in the Cave of Pedra Furada. Vila Franca de Xira is said to have been founded by French followers of Portugal's first king, Afonso Henriques, around 1200.
Vera Barbosa (born 13 January 1989 in Vila Franca de Xira) is a Portuguese track and field athlete. She initially competed for Cape Verde, switching to represent Portugal after 2008. At the 400 metres hurdles event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in the heats she set a new national record with 55.22 seconds.
Vera is an unincorporated community in Knox County, Texas, United States. It lies on U.S. Highway 82 in the east central portion of the county near the Baylor County line, and had an estimated population of 50 in 2000.
Valverde de la Vera is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2005 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 618 inhabitants.
In the U.S., the issuance of birth certificates is a function of the Vital Records Office of the states, capital district, territories and former territories. Birth in the U.S. establishes automatic eligibility for American citizenship, so a birth certificate from a local authority is commonly provided to the federal government to obtain a U.S. passport. However, the U.S. State Department does issue a Consular Report of Birth Abroad for children born to U.S. citizens (who are also eligible for citizenship), including births on military bases in foreign territory.
Vera Harsányi, or Vera Szekely (12 October 1919 – 24 December 1994) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics, and then an artist.
Hélio Quaglia Barbosa (November 25, 1941 – February 1, 2008) was a Brazilian who served on the country's Superior Court of Justice, which is Brazil's highest appellate court for non-constitutional issues.
Vera Drake (Imelda Staunton) is devoted to her family, looking after her husband and children, her elderly mother, and a sick neighbour. Her shy daughter, Ethel (Alex Kelly), works in a lightbulb factory, and her son, Sid (Daniel Mays), tailors men's suits. Her husband, Stanley (Phil Davis), is a car mechanic. Although Vera and her family are poor, their strong family bonds hold them together. During her working day as a house cleaner, Vera performs constant small acts of kindness for the many people she encounters.
Hilda Crosby Standish (1902 – June 1, 2005) was a pioneer in the birth control movement in the state of Connecticut. In 1935, she became medical director of the Maternal Health Center in Hartford, the state's first birth control clinic. Dr. Standish was inducted into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame in 1994.
Rodrigo Barbosa Tabata (born November 19, 1980 in Araçatuba, Brazil) or simply Rodrigo Tabata, is a professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Qatari club Al-Rayyan and the Qatar national football team.
The 3rd Women's World Chess Championship took place during the 4th Chess Olympiad in Prague between 12-26 July 1931. The tournament was played as a double round-robin tournament. Vera Menchik successfully defended her title. The final results were as follows:
The U.S. Constitution uses but does not define the phrase ``natural born Citizen '', and various opinions have been offered over time regarding its precise meaning. The consensus of early 21st - century constitutional scholars, together with relevant case law, is that natural - born citizens include, subject to exceptions, those born in the United States. Many scholars have also concluded that those who meet the legal requirements for U.S. citizenship`` at the moment of birth'', regardless of place of birth, are also natural - born citizens. Every president to date was either a citizen at the adoption of the Constitution in 1789 or was born in the United States; of these there have been seven that had at least one parent who was not born on U.S. soil.
Rafael Barbosa do Nascimento (born 10 August 1983) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Hajer Club in the Saudi Professional League.
Gramling is a census-designated place located in Spartanburg County in the U.S. state of South Carolina. According to the 2010 United States Census, the population was 86.
Agostinho Barbosa (Agostino, Augustinus) (17 September 1589, at Aldão, Guimarães, Portugal – 22 March 1649, in Ugento, Italy) was a prolific Portuguese writer on canon law. His work included dictionary-type surveys of the legal elements.