Santiago de Cassurrães e Póvoa de Cervães is a civil parish in the municipality of Mangualde, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes Santiago de Cassurrães and Póvoa de Cervães. The population in 2011 was 1,414, in an area of 30.03 km².
Diana Bar is a beach library and gallery in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal. Before being a public library it was a historic café with the same name. It is located in the south end of the city's main waterfront avenue, the Banhos Avenue ("Avenida dos Banhos", literally Baths Avenue).
Santa Sofía is a town and municipality in the Department of Boyacá, part of the subregion of the Ricaurte Province, Colombia. The urban centre of Santa Sofía is located at an altitude of on the Altiplano Cundiboyacense, with the highest elevated parts of the municipality, that have a páramo ecosystem, reaching . Santa Sofía borders Moniquirá in the north, Gachantivá in the west, Villa de Leyva in the southeast, Sutamarchán in the south, Saboyá in the southwest, and Puente Nacional, Santander in the west.
Santa Cruz de las Flores is the name of a town located south of Tlajomulco de Zuñiga, in the state of Jalisco, Mexico. It has been called Xochitlan, meaning "Place of Flowers" ("xōchitl" is Nahuatl for flower ).
Aldealengua de Santa María is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 78 inhabitants.
A Nigerian State is a federated political entity, which shares sovereignty with the Federal Government of Nigeria, There are 36 States in Nigeria, which are bound together by a federal agreement. There is also a territory called the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), which is not a state, but a territory, under the direct control of the Federal Government. The States are further divided into a total of 774 Local Government Areas. Under the Nigerian Constitution, states have the power to ratify constitutional amendments.
Greater Metropolitan Area of Minho () is a former administrative division in Portugal. Founded in 2004, it consisted of 12 municipalities in the north of the country: Amares, Barcelos, Braga, Cabeceiras de Basto, Fafe, Guimarães, Póvoa de Lanhoso, Terras de Bouro, Vieira do Minho, Vila Nova de Famalicão, Vila Verde and Vizela, all of them part of the former Braga District. It was disbanded in 2009, when the intermunicipal communities Ave and Cávado were formed.
Guijo de Santa Bárbara is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2005 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 429 inhabitants.
Usually, a federation is formed at two levels: the central government and the regions (states, provinces, territories), and little to nothing is said about second or third level administrative political entities. Brazil is an exception, because the 1988 Constitution included the municipalities as autonomous political entities making the federation tripartite, encompassing the Union, the States, and the municipalities. Each state is divided into municipalities (municípios) with their own legislative council (câmara de vereadores) and a mayor (prefeito), which are partly autonomous from both Federal and State Government. Each municipality has a "little constitution", called "organic law" (lei orgânica). Mexico is an intermediate case, in that municipalities are granted full-autonomy by the federal constitution and their existence as autonomous entities (municipio libre, "free municipality") is established by the federal government and cannot be revoked by the states' constitutions. Moreover, the federal constitution determines which powers and competencies belong exclusively to the municipalities and not to the constituent states. However, municipalities do not have an elected legislative assembly.
The Monastery of Santa Maria de la Murta is a former monastery of the order of the Hieronymites located in the Valley of La Murta in Alzira (Valencia), Spain.
Maria Carrillo High School is a public high school located in Santa Rosa, California, United States. It is managed by the Santa Rosa City Schools district. It opened in 1996 and is located in the Rincon Valley neighborhood of Santa Rosa.
The Casa de los Pinelo is a Renaissance building located in the centre of Seville in Spain. It houses both the Real Academia Sevillana de Buenas Letras and the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de Santa Isabel de Hungría.
The Monastery of Santa María de Aguas Vivas, located in the municipality of Carcaixent (Valencia), Spain, is a religious building dating back to the 13th century.
Vila Franca de Xira () is a municipality in the Lisbon District in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 136,886, in an area of 318.19 km². Situated on both banks of the Tagus River, 32 km north-east of the Portuguese capital Lisbon, settlement in the area dates back to neolithic times, as evidenced by findings in the Cave of Pedra Furada. Vila Franca de Xira is said to have been founded by French followers of Portugal's first king, Afonso Henriques, around 1200.
Santa Cruz de Moya is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 423 inhabitants.
Santa Marta de Magasca is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2006 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 252 inhabitants.
Campestre do Menino Deus ("Campestral of Child God") is a bairro in the District of Sede in the municipality of Santa Maria, in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It is located in north Santa Maria.
Póvoa de Santa Iria e Forte da Casa is a civil parish in the municipality of Vila Franca de Xira, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes Póvoa de Santa Iria and Forte da Casa. The population in 2011 was 40,404, in an area of 9.16 km².
Tancredo Neves ("Tancredo Neves - Brazilian President") is a bairro in the District of Sede in the municipality of Santa Maria, in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It is located in west Santa Maria.
Minsk Region or Minsk Voblasć or Minsk Oblast (, "Minskaja vobłasć" ; , "Minskaja oblastj") is one of the regions of Belarus. Its administrative center is Minsk, although it is a separate administrative territorial entity of Belarus. As of 2011, the region's population is 1,411,500.