José de Almeida e Vasconcelos Pinto Coelho (born Lisbon, Campo Grande, 27 September 1960) commonly known just by José Pinto-Coelho, is a Portuguese far-right and nationalist politician, president of the National Renovator Party (Partido Nacional Renovador) since 2005.
The Protoevangelium of James, an extra-canonical book, has been the source of many Orthodox beliefs on Mary. The account of Mary's life presented includes her consecration as a virgin at the temple at age three. The High Priest Zachariah blessed Mary and informed her that God had magnified her name among many generations. Zachariah placed Mary on the third step of the altar, whereby God gave her grace. While in the temple, Mary was miraculously fed by an angel, until she was twelve years old. At that point an angel told Zachariah to betroth Mary to a widower in Israel, who would be indicated. This story provides the theme of many hymns for the Feast of Presentation of Mary, and icons of the feast depict the story. The Orthodox believe that Mary was instrumental in the growth of Christianity during the life of Jesus, and after his Crucifixion, and Orthodox Theologian Sergei Bulgakov wrote: "The Virgin Mary is the center, invisible, but real, of the Apostolic Church."
Manuel da Nóbrega (old spelling "Manoel da Nóbrega") (18 October 1517 – 18 October 1570) was a Portuguese Jesuit priest and first Provincial of the Society of Jesus in colonial Brazil. Together with José de Anchieta, he was very influential in the early history of Brazil and participated in the founding of several cities, such as Recife, Salvador, Rio de Janeiro, and São Paulo, as well as many Jesuit colleges and seminaries.
Rodovia dos Imigrantes (official designation SP‑160) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The highway connects the city of São Paulo to the Atlantic coast and with the seaside cities of São Vicente and Praia Grande. It follows the route of Rodovia Anchieta and is also one of Brazil's busiest highways, especially on weekends.
São Bento do Norte is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast region of Brazil.
São Pedro de Alva e São Paio do Mondego is a civil parish in the municipality of Penacova, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes São Pedro de Alva and São Paio do Mondego. The population in 2011 was 1,818, in an area of 37.94 km².
The SP-83 is a highway in the southeastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The highway is known as the Rodovia Anel Viário José Roberto Magalhães Teixeira in its entire length.
Estádio José do Rego Maciel, also known as Estádio do Arruda, is a multi-purpose stadium in Recife, Brazil. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium was built in 1972 and is able to hold 60,044 spectators. Estádio do Arruda is owned by Santa Cruz Futebol Clube. The stadium is named after José do Rego Maciel, who was Recife's mayor between 1952 and 1955.
São José dos Quatro Marcos is a municipality in the state of Mato Grosso in the Central-West Region of Brazil.
Nova Aliança is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The population is 6,555 (2015 est.) in an area of 217.5 km². Nova Aliança belongs to the Mesoregion of São José do Rio Preto.
Si mis campos hablaran is a 1947 Chilean film directed by José Bohr and starring Chela Bon. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
Central do Brasil () is a major train station in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. It is the last stop of Rio's railway network, as well as a hub for connection with the city subway and a bus station. Central do Brasil was also a preeminent stop in the interstate Central do Brasil railroad, which did link Rio de Janeiro with São Paulo and Minas Gerais, though the railroad is now deactivated. The station is located in downtown Rio de Janeiro, along the Avenida Presidente Vargas and across from the Campo de Santana park.
UDRA (União Desportiva Rei Amador) is a football club that plays in the São Tomé and Príncipe Championship. The team is based in the southern part of the island of São Tomé in the city of São João dos Angolares and plays at Campo de Ribeira Peixe nearby. The club is named after Rei Amador, a slave king in Angolares mythology.
Ipiguá is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The population is 5,022 (2015 est.) in an area of 136 km². Ipiguá is located 20 km from São José do Rio Preto. The municipality belongs to the Microregion of São José do Rio Preto.
The 2015 Brazilian Grand Prix (formally known as the Formula 1 Grande Prêmio Petrobras do Brasil 2015) was a Formula One motor race held at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace in São Paulo, Brazil on 15 November 2015. It was the eighteenth race of the 2015 FIA Formula One World Championship, and marked the 44th running of the Brazilian Grand Prix as a round of the World Championship since its inception in .
Juca de Oliveira (born José de Oliveira Santos; March 16, 1935 in Itapira, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor.
The 2002 Brazilian Grand Prix (formally the XXXI Grande Prêmio Marlboro do Brasil) was a Formula One motor race held on 31 March 2002 at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace, São Paulo, Brazil. It was the third round of the 2002 Formula One season and the thirty-first Brazilian Grand Prix. The 71-lap race was won by Ferrari driver Michael Schumacher after starting from the second position. Ralf Schumacher finished second for the Williams team with David Coulthard third in a McLaren.
São José do Mantimento is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Zona da Mata and to the microregion of Manhuaçu.
According to the apocryphal Gospel of James, Mary was the daughter of Saint Joachim and Saint Anne. Before Mary's conception, Anne had been barren and was far advanced in years. Mary was given to service as a consecrated virgin in the Temple in Jerusalem when she was three years old, much like Hannah took Samuel to the Tabernacle as recorded in the Old Testament. Some apocryphal accounts state that at the time of her betrothal to Joseph, Mary was 12–14 years old, and he was thirty years old, but such accounts are unreliable.
São José dos Campos (, meaning Saint Joseph of the Fields) is a major city and the seat of the municipality of the same name in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. One of the leading industrial and research centers with emphasis in aerospace sciences in Latin America, the city is located in the Paraíba Valley, between the two most active production and consumption regions in the country, São Paulo ( from the city) and Rio de Janeiro (). It is the main city of the Metropolitan Region of Vale do Paraíba e Litoral Norte. A native of São José dos Campos is called a "joseense" ().