Mount Everest, the highest mountain peak in the world, is located in Nepal. Mountaineering and other types of adventure tourism and ecotourism are important attractions for visitors. The world heritage site Lumbini, birthplace of Gautama Buddha, is located in the south of the West region of Nepal (which despite the name is located in the centre of the country) and there are other important religious pilgrimage sites throughout the country. The tourist industry is seen as a way to alleviate poverty and achieve greater social equity in the country. Tourism brings $471 ma year to Nepal.
The capital, Brazzaville, is located on the Congo River, in the south of the country, immediately across from Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
WCNL is an AM radio station located at 1010 on the AM dial, licensed to Newport, New Hampshire. It was Newport's first radio station. The studios are located on Main Street in Newport, and its on-air slogan is "Country 1010 WCNL-AM".
Sunset Ridge Country Club is a private country club located in Cook County, just outside the city limits of Northfield, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.
The station also broadcasts news, sports, television shows and recently broadcasts football or soccer coverages from Portugal and also from Brazil as well as Latin America but rarely around the world. The radio channel is branded as RCV, originally broadcast during the later part of the day and the evening in its early years and then most of the day and the evening, now it is a 24-hour radio station. The TV channel is branded as TCV and it is also available in Portugal in the principal cable and IPTV platforms as a premium channel under the name TCV Internacional. As of the late 2000s, TCV broadcast from noon to midnight. The first and only youth radion station is known as RCV+, Radio Cabo Verde Jovem which broadcasts from 7 AM until 10 PM.
Royal Oaks Country Club is a country club and subdivision in Houston, Texas, United States in the Alief community. The country club is located at 2910 Royal Oaks Club Drive, west of The Galleria. Sunrise Colony Company developed Royal Oaks out of the former Andrau Airpark property.
A HDI below 0.5 is considered to represent "low development". All 22 countries in that category are located in Africa. The highest-scoring Sub-Saharan countries, Gabon and South Africa, are ranked 119th and 121st, respectively. Nine countries departed from this category this year and joined the "medium development" group.
As of June 2017, Subway has approximately 45,000 stores located in 112 countries. These locations are largely concentrated in North America, with about 26,400 in the United States (plus about 3,300 in Canada and 1,000 in Mexico). Outside North America, the countries with the most locations are Australia (approximately 1,400), Brazil (approximately 2,200) and the United Kingdom (approximately 2,300).
Hakauata is an island in Tonga. It is located within the Ha'apai Group in the center of the country, to northeast of the national capital of Nukualofa.
Radisson is an international hotel company and a subsidiary of the Radisson Hotel Group. It operates the brands Radisson, Radisson Blu, Radisson Red, Country Inns and Suites by Radisson and Park Inn by Radisson with more than 990 locations in 73 countries.
As of June 2017, Subway has approximately 44,000 stores worldwide, all independently owned. located in 112 countries. These locations are largely concentrated in North America, with about 26,400 in the United States (plus about 3,300 in Canada and 1,000 in Mexico), which is almost as many U.S. locations as McDonald's and Starbucks combined. Outside North America, the countries with the most locations are Australia (approximately 1,400), Brazil (approximately 2,200) and the United Kingdom (approximately 2,300).
Cape Verde ( (listen)) or Cabo Verde ( (listen), ) (Portuguese: Cabo Verde, pronounced [ˈkabu ˈveɾdɨ]), officially the Republic of Cabo Verde, is an island country spanning an archipelago of 10 volcanic islands in the central Atlantic Ocean. It forms part of the Macaronesia ecoregion, along with the Azores, Canary Islands, Madeira, and the Savage Isles. In ancient times these islands were referred to as "the Islands of the Blessed" or the "Fortunate Isles". Located 570 kilometres (350 mi) west of the Cape Verde Peninsula off the coast of Northwest Africa, the islands cover a combined area of slightly over 4,000 square kilometres (1,500 sq mi).
The most common and convenient datum which is internationally accepted is mean sea level. Countries take their nearby sea levels as datum planes for calculations of Reduced levels. For example, Pakistan takes sea near Karachi as its datum while India takes sea near Mumbai as its datum for calculation of Reduced levels of different places in their respective countries. The term Reduced Level is denoted shortly by 'RL'. National survey departments of each country determines RL's of significantly important locations or points. These points are called as permanent benchmarks and this survey process is known as Great Trigonometrical Surveying (GTS). The permanent bench marks act as reference points for determining RL's of other locations in a particular country.
Antoñana is a town located in the Campezo/Kanpezu municipality, Álava (Araba) Province, in the Basque Country autonomous community, northern Spain.
Cascade City or Cascade was a Canadian Pacific Railway construction era boom town in the Boundary Country of the West Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada. Because of its location near the Canada–United States border, it was also called the "Gateway to the Boundary Country".
Larraul is a town and municipality located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
The Broward Correctional Institution (BCI) was a correctional facility located in the former Country Estates CDP and in Southwest Ranches, Florida, operated by the Florida Department of Corrections. The Region IV Correctional Facility Office is located on the grounds of Broward Correctional Institution in the former Country Estates CDP. The prison was in proximity to Pembroke Pines. It was located along Sheridan Street, near U.S. Route 27.
Bedia is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
The Head Office of the Academy and forty research institutes are located in Prague, the remaining institutes being situated throughout the country.
Fatumanongi is an island in Tonga. It is located within the Ha'apai Group in the centre of the country, to the northeast of the national capital of Nukualofa.