Je Vous Aime (English title "I Love You All") is a 1980 French romantic comedy film directed by Claude Berri. Its cast comprises notable actors and actresses like Jean Louis Trintignant, Catherine Deneuve, Gérard Depardieu and Serge Gainsbourg. It was first released in 1980 and it was shown in the US in 1981.
David Charles Prowse, MBE (born 1 July 1935) is an English bodybuilder, weightlifter and character actor in British film and television. Worldwide, he is best known for physically portraying Darth Vader in the original Star Wars trilogy (with the character's voice being performed by James Earl Jones), and in 2015 starred in a documentary concerning that role, entitled I Am Your Father. Prior to his role as Vader, Prowse had established himself as a prominent figure in British culture as the first Green Cross Code man, a character used in British road safety advertising aimed at children.
Matthieu Chedid was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine, France, the son of French singer Louis Chedid, and the grandson of the Egyptian-born French writer and poet of Lebanese descent Andrée Chedid who has written lyrics for him. His sister is the music video and concert director Émilie Chedid.
VideoKids were a 1980s Euro disco/Italo disco duo from The Netherlands, formed in 1984 and led by Peter Slaghuis, who died in a car accident in 1991, and Bianca Bonelli, who also had a solo hit single called "Je veux l'amour". They were probably most famous for their "Woodpeckers from Space" song. They released two albums, "The Invasion of the Spacepeckers" in 1984 and "Satellite" in 1985.
"Ik wil alles met je delen" ("I want to share everything with you") was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in Dutch by Maywood. The English language version was entitled "No more winds to guide me".
Paul Chomnycky was born in Vancouver, Canada, the son of a Ukrainian-immigrant father and Canadian-born mother (both of whom died in 1996) and graduated from the University of British Columbia with a bachelor's degree in Commerce in 1980. After working as an accountant for two years, he entered the novitate of the Order of St. Basil the Great, working in the Basilian monastery in New York.
Roméo et Juliette ("Romeo and Juliet") is an opera in five acts by Charles Gounod to a French libretto by Jules Barbier and Michel Carré, based on "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare. It was first performed at the Théâtre Lyrique (Théâtre-Lyrique Impérial du Châtelet), Paris on 27 April 1867. This opera is notable for the series of four duets for the main characters and the waltz song ""Je veux vivre"" for the soprano.
In season three, Jack undertakes a search for his biological father, which ends when he discovers that his father died several years back. Jack does, however, meet Elliot (Michael Angarano), his own biological son, whom he fathered by depositing at a sperm bank as a teenager so that he could buy a leather jacket. He later discovers that the boy's mother Bonnie (Rosie O'Donnell) is a lesbian; she was a nurse at the sperm bank who stole Jack's deposit and was inseminated with it.
Duke Xian of Jin (, died 651 BC), ancestral name Ji (姬), given name Guizhu (詭諸), was the nineteenth ruler of the State of Jin. He was also the ninth ruler of Jin in the Spring and Autumn period and the second duke of Jin. When his father, Duke Wu of Jin, died in 677 BC, Guizhu ascended the throne of Jin and became Duke Xian of Jin. He reigned for 26 years. He moved the capital from Quwo (曲沃) to Jiang (絳). He was named after a Rongdi tribe (戎狄族) leader Guizhu (詭諸) whom his father, Duke Wu of Jin, captured alive.
"Je veux donner ma voix" ("I Want to Give My Voice") was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in French by Nayah.
Looking for Her (or Je vous souhaite d'être follement aimée) is a 2015 French drama film directed by Ounie Lecomte.
Name Seasons No. of episodes Portrayer Character summary Almanzo Wilder 6 -- 9 65 Dean Butler Farmer; Laura's husband (season 7); Rose's father; Nicknamed ``Manly ''by Laura Adam Kendall 4 -- 8 35 Linwood Boomer Teacher of the blind; Mary's husband (season 5) Adam Kendall Jr. 6 Unknown Adam and Mary's son; dies in fire with Alice Garvey Jenny Wilder 9 18 Shannen Doherty Almanzo's niece, whom he gets custody of after his brother / her father Royal dies Rose Wilder 8 -- 9 17 Jennifer and Michele Steffin Almanzo and Laura's daughter Eliza Jane Wilder 6 -- 8 14 Lucy Lee Flippin Teacher; Almanzo's older sister
Malcolm Shabazz was born in Paris on October 8, 1984. His father, L. A. Bouasba, was an Algerian Muslim whom Qubilah Shabazz met there. According to Malcolm, he never met his father. Other sources say Malcolm knew his father, but they had little contact with one another.
The first modern archaeological excavations began in 1928 when the Fascist government of Benito Mussolini's Italy sent an expedition to Buthrotum. The aim was geopolitical rather than scientific, aiming to extend Italian hegemony in the area. The leader was an Italian archaeologist, Luigi Maria Ugolini who despite the political aims of his mission was a good archaeologist. Ugolini died in 1936, but the excavations continued until 1943 and the Second World War. They uncovered the Hellenistic and Roman part of the city including the "Lion Gate" and the "Scaean Gate" (named by Ugolini for the famous gate at Troy mentioned in the Homeric Iliad).
"Je te dis tout" is a song by French singer songwriter Mylène Farmer. This ballad was written by Farmer with music composed by Laurent Boutonnat. It was the second single from her ninth studio album "Monkey Me" (2012), and was first released digitally on 28 January 2013, then will be released physically on 4 March 2013. The music video was directed by François Hanss.
Their first child, Henry, was born in 1885. The Borzaga family moved to Salt Lake City, Utah, where Frank Borzage was born in 1894, and the family remained there until 1919. The couple had fourteen children, eight of whom survived childhood: Henry (1885–1971), Mary Emma (1886–1906), Bill (1892–1973), Frank, Daniel (1896–1975, a performer and member of the John Ford Stock Company), Lew (1898–1974), Dolly (1901–2002) and Sue (1905–1998). Luigi Borzaga died in Los Angeles in a car accident in 1934; his wife Maria (Frank's mother) died of cancer in 1947.
Je dis aime (1999) is the second studio album by French singer-songwriter Matthieu Chedid, in his persona as -M-, described by reviewers as a "conceptual icon to rival Bowie's Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane". The album manages to take a remarkable variety of musical directions and pull them together into a consistent whole. Another reviewer describes the album as sounding like a 'French Lenny Kravitz' and notes the 'vintage 70s sound and textures'.
Drama is literature intended for performance. The form is often combined with music and dance, as in opera and musical theatre. A play is a subset of this form, referring to the written dramatic work of a playwright that is intended for performance in a theatre; it comprises chiefly dialogue between characters, and usually aims at dramatic or theatrical performance rather than at reading. A closet drama, by contrast, refers to a play written to be read rather than to be performed; hence, it is intended that the meaning of such a work can be realized fully on the page. Nearly all drama took verse form until comparatively recently.
Xiong E succeeded his father Xiong Xun, who died in 800 BC. He died after nine years of reign and was succeeded by his son Ruo'ao.
Vanessa Hudgens as Kailani Laguatan Gabato's daughter whom Sean falls in love with and who is part of the father - daughter tour guide team.