Ahmet Zappa was born in Los Angeles, California, the third of four children born to musician Frank Zappa and businesswoman Gail Zappa (née Sloatman). His father was of Italian (Sicilian), Greek, Arab, and French descent, and his mother was of French, Irish, and mostly Danish ancestry. He is said to be named after music executive Ahmet Ertegün, whom his father greatly admired. This is contradicted by Neil Slaven in "Electric Don Quixote: The Definitive Story Of Frank Zappa", who notes:
Peter is married to Lois Griffin and is the father of Meg, Chris, and Stewie. He also has a dog named Brian, with whom he is best friends. He has worked at a toy factory, and at Quahog's Brewery. Despite the suburban blue-collar routine of his life, he has had a number of remarkable experiences.
David William Sims (born September 17, 1963 in Austin, Texas) is an American musician, best known as the bass guitarist of the bands Scratch Acid (with whom he initially played guitar), Rapeman, and The Jesus Lizard. He has also recorded or performed with Sparklehorse, Rhys Chatham, Shivaree, Pigface, Flour, and others. Sims currently performs experimental solo electric bass as Unfact.
Vanessa Hudgens as Kailani Laguatan Gabato's daughter whom Sean falls in love with and who is part of the father - daughter tour guide team.
Paul Chomnycky was born in Vancouver, Canada, the son of a Ukrainian-immigrant father and Canadian-born mother (both of whom died in 1996) and graduated from the University of British Columbia with a bachelor's degree in Commerce in 1980. After working as an accountant for two years, he entered the novitate of the Order of St. Basil the Great, working in the Basilian monastery in New York.
Matthieu Chedid was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine, France, the son of French singer Louis Chedid, and the grandson of the Egyptian-born French writer and poet of Lebanese descent Andrée Chedid who has written lyrics for him. His sister is the music video and concert director Émilie Chedid.
Rosalie Loveling was born in Nevele, Belgium, and was the older sister of Virginie Loveling, also an author, with whom she co-wrote part of her oeuvre. After the death of their father Herman Loveling, the family moved to Ghent where the sisters moved in circles of French-speaking, mainly anti-clerical intelligentsia before eventually returning to Nevele.
M. Suryanarayan (1930 -- 2010) was an Indian first - class cricketer who was born on February 1, 1930 during Madras presidency. M. Suryanarayan is the first son of M. Baliah Naidu and the Grandson of Buchi Babu Naidu who is also known as the 'Father of South Indian Cricket' the doyen of Madras Cricket. He was also a member of the First Ranji Trophy triumph team of Tamilnadu in 1954 - 1955, which the Madras team won against Holkar. He was a right - handed batsman and a right - arm medium bowler. The Hindu describing his Cricket, once said: ``His batting resembles very closely that of his father - dashing and carefree - and his cover - drive, a joy to watch, has amazing impetus... ''And it added that he had`` enriched Madras sport as his father had''. His only younger brother M.M Kumar represented in the Ranji Trophy.
Chen's father Chen Qiang named him Chen Peisi after Pest, when he performed "The White-Haired Girl" in Budapest, Hungary in 1951. The pronunciation of "Budapest" in Mandarin Chinese is "". Chen's father named his elder brother Chen Buda ().
In public, Joffrey is allegedly the oldest son and heir of King Robert Baratheon and Queen Cersei Lannister, both of whom entered into a political marriage alliance after Robert took the throne by force from the 'Mad King' Aerys II Targaryen. In reality, his biological father is his mother's twin brother, Jaime Lannister. He has a younger sister, Myrcella, and a younger brother, Tommen, both of whom are also products of Jaime and Cersei's incestuous relationship. Their sole biological grandparents, Tywin and Joanna Lannister, were also first cousins.
She was born in Canada, and raised in Liverpool where her father was a lead merchant. Walker began her climbing rather modestly in 1858 when she was advised by her doctor to take up walking as a cure for rheumatism. Accompanied by her father Frank Walker and her brother Horace Walker, both of whom were early members of the Alpine Club, and Oberland guide Melchior Anderegg, she became the first woman to regularly climb in the Alps.
Barney has three half - siblings: James (played by Wayne Brady), from his mother's side, a gay African American who is married to a man, with whom he has an adopted son and daughter (as revealed in the season seven episode ``The Rebound Girl ''); Carly (played by Ashley Benson), a university student from his father's side with whom Ted has a one - night stand in`` Ring Up!'', and Jerome Jr. (JJ), from his father's side, who is 11. He also has a female cousin named Leslie, with whom he accidentally grinds in a nightclub, as seen in the episode ``Okay Awesome ''.
Louis Chedid is the son of the writer Andrée Chedid and the father of Matthieu Chedid (better known as -M-).
Labo M (2003) is the third studio album by French singer-songwriter Matthieu Chedid in his persona as -M-. It's an all-instrumental work which, considering that one of -M-'s trademarks had previously been his inventive wordplay, caused some degree of discontent amongst parts of his fan base. Remarkably successful for an instrumental work, the album entered the French charts at number 27 but proved to be a stopgap with the full studio album "Qui de nous deux" appearing later the same year.
Russell M. Cox (January 30, 1919 – November 13, 1942), was a United States Navy officer, killed in action during World War II, for whom a U.S. Navy ship was named.
Gianmarco Tamberi is coached by his father, Marco Tamberi, who held the indoor Italian record in 1983 with the measure of 2.28 m.
In season three, Jack undertakes a search for his biological father, which ends when he discovers that his father died several years back. Jack does, however, meet Elliot (Michael Angarano), his own biological son, whom he fathered by depositing at a sperm bank as a teenager so that he could buy a leather jacket. He later discovers that the boy's mother Bonnie (Rosie O'Donnell) is a lesbian; she was a nurse at the sperm bank who stole Jack's deposit and was inseminated with it.
Jodie Rimmer (born 1974) is a New Zealand voice and performer actress best known for starring on "Young Hercules", as Lilith. Her work includes "", "Channelling Baby", "The Strip", and "In My Father's Den".
Albert Way was educated at home and at Trinity College, Cambridge. One of his Trinity contemporaries was Charles Darwin, whom Way encouraged to continue his insect collecting. Way graduated BA in 1829, and MA in 1834. In his early life, he travelled in Europe and Palestine with his father. Following his father's death in 1840, Way was able to live off his private income.
Nico van der Laan (17 April 1908 – 18 September 1986) was a Dutch architect, as were his father Leo van der Laan and his brothers Jan and Hans, with whom he was closely associated.